you're an atheist? You must be really good at taking screenshots of facebook
Oh, You just graduated? You must know everything.
Oh, You just graduated? That's Nice. I will have the mocha Frappuccino.
Oh, this is the first election cycle since you turned old enough to vote? Yes, please tell me more about your political wisdom
As an American you feel judged by stereotypes? That must be awful
Oh, You're an engineer? Please, continue telling me why my career is a waste of time
 
Oh, you were born in 1997? Tell me about the good old days
"hey gonewild do you like these?" No we hate boobs. What were you thinking?
i'm condescending that means i talk down to you
A NEW POST MADE IT TO THE FRONT PAGE? pLEASE MAKE A REDDITOR'S WIFE MEME ABOUT IT.
Oh, you went on your friend's facebook when he wasn't looking? You must be the best hacker ever.
As a christian american, you feel persecuted? That must be awful
oh, stereotyped as having a big dick? that must be difficult
You're only 18 and already engaged? You must be really mature for your age
Oh, evolution has been discredited by scientists?  enlighten me with more of your church-pamphlet science
Oh, you're twice my age? You must know everything.
Wearing a tie makes me a corporate sell-out? Please tell me again how your boss lets you take leftover cinnabons home after your shift.
Oh, so this is your 2nd Macbook and 3rd iPhone in 3 years? Please tell me more about how Apple products are reliable and impervious to viruses
Oh, you're a liberal atheist on Reddit. You must run into so may diverse viewpoints there.
OH, She said "hi" to you? Tell me more about how she wants your dick.
You can lick anything in this room and be greeted with a sweet delight anything
You're totally over him? Explains why every status is about him.
you had a high gpa? wow
you're not ashamed to admit you're a christian, you say? how brave.
Oh, so you're majoring in physics? Please, keep talking to me like I'm retarded
Yes my uneduacated friend I have heard about SOPA
Oh, so you're over your ex you say? Then please do continue talking about them
Oh, I'm sorry I thought this was r/funny, not r/facebook
I'm an atheist please assume I know everything about abiotic genesis 
you won a religious argument as an atheist? i'm dying to see your conversation
You joined reddit six months ago? Tell me more about how good it used to be
oh you love jesus but hate religion? you must be so much smarter and more open minded than other christians
Oh, you play call of duty? We need guys like you to wash humvees
Oh, you're a liberal atheist on reddit? You must know how to solve the world's problems
Oh, You don't believe in Bigfoot? What if i told you he'll send you to hell if you don't believe?
You diagnose your self with OCD? How quirky and unique you are
Oh you're a Christian? Please debate me for hours on a bible you've never read.
a fundie made you angry one day? how adorable
Oh, You need religion to guide you morally? Couldn't figure out murder is wrong by yourself, huh?
Remember when this meme was used for double entendres involving candy and not smug self assurance?
"You" just won the superbowl? Please, tell me about all the contributions you've made to your team's success.
What's that? I'm gay and you've had sex with my mother? Please, continue to charm me with your intellectual and profound words
 
yes please, explain to me why I'm wrong.
Oh, this meme has over 10,000 views? Thanks for the 8 up votes.
Oh, you want me to check in the back for you?  Something tells me we just sold out.
Oh, You have finals coming up? I bet you're using your time wisely.
Oh, you like to tell people their beliefs are wrong and yours are right? i can see why you don't like religions
You Can Suck It Suck It and Suck It and it will never get any smaller
You think politicians hate your hobby? That must be horrible.
Oh, You smell marijuana? that's interesting
You have an 8 am class? What's it like being up before the rest of the world?
Oh, Nothing. Just watching.
Not sure if I'm creepy or condescending wonka? Sit on my lap and tell me how hard that is for you.
you're religious? You must be really good at writing the stupid facebook posts i take screenshots of
Oh, you're an actor? Why don't you act like a waiter and refill my water.
Oh, you're a 16-year-old with a 10th-grade education? Please, tell me more of the origins of the universe.
YOur government is oppressing you? You poor little thing.
Oh, your bong has 3 percs and cost $1,000? You must get so much higher than the rest of us
You post an atheist quote with your face on reddit? You must have so much courage
Oh, you're a communications major? that must really help out when waiting tables
Oh, You're an 18 year old liberal?  Please share your political wisdom 
Oh, you know about rage faces? You must know the internet
Oh, you have a degree in dance? I'll have the grand slam, please
Oh you've been on reddit for 5 years? Allow me to kill myself for jumping on late
Oh you're still in college? I remember when I thought I was busy too.
You're daddy isn't a monkey, you say? Well I guess that proves we were wrong about evolution
You pulled an all-nighter finishing a paper? You must be so sleep deprived.
some people believe in everlasting life i believe in the everlasting gobstopper
Oh, you're 30 years old and still live at home? Please, give me more life advice
you were born in the nineties? tell me all about the old days
Oh, you made a snarky comment on someone's facebook status? You must be such a badass.
Oh, You know how to drive in snow? Please tell us more about how no one else knows how to drive in snow.
Oh, you have an expensive camera? You must be a professional photographer.
Oh, You don't shop at wal-mart? Please, tell me how it feels to be rich
Oh, you play call of duty? You must know everything about guns.
Oh, It's 9/11 I had no idea 
Oh, another atheism post Do keep reminding me everyday how your parents made you go to church
Oh, I'm going to hell? I can only imagine the look of terror on my face right now.
Religion isn't oppressive? Please, tell me more.
Your post only got 1000 upvotes? That must be awful
Using me to rant about another generation  You must be a genius. 
Teddy Roosevelt was shot mid-speech ? You must be new here
Oh, you found a hypocritical bible verse? Please, post it to Reddit. We need more of those.
Oh, You're an atheist? Tell me more about my religious beliefs.
oh,you think the ahri delays are bad? I guess you don't remember when Leona was released
so you have beats by dr. dre headphones? you must have exquisite taste in music
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure ejaculation
You have a mac? Oh, you must know all about good computers
oh, you play call of duty? You must know all there is to war
Oh, I'm condescending? I didn't know you were in charge of reddit.
I gave That bitch some snozzberries Bitiches love snozzberries 
Oh, you're overweight? Please, tell me why my diet is so stupid
Ganging up on a christian?  I'm sure that'll convert him
You know all of the lyrics to this song? Please, sing them.
Oh, you're dating an older man? He must really respect your maturity.
oh you're on tumblr? you must know the internet
You Know, charlie you still haven't met the real willy 
Oh, so you say condescending things? You must be really intelligent
Oh, wake up at 8am on weekdays? tell me again how painfully early that is.
Oh, You flipped the bird? What a rebel
Come with me and you'll be in a world of painful penetration
Your oxygen deprived brain had a vivid dream There must be a heaven and a hell
You outsmarted a dumb girl on facebook You are so witty
so you've seen every post that has ever been on the front page how exciting your life must be
Oh, so you made a meme about Cinsere exploiting /r/trees too? How original
 so you're still brainwashed?
if you like lollipops, then ur gonna love this
Little bit of Wonka in every bar you think I'm lying
Oh, you are an atheist and hate /r/atheism? You must still think religion is good for humanity.
Please, Tell me why I'm wrong
You're a redditor -and- an atheist? Share more of your unique experience
Oh, you're 15 and you can drink 4 beers without throwing up? Your parents must be so proud.
you say you're never drinking again? No seriously, I believe you
Oh, I'm taking exodus 31:15 out of context? I'm sorry. Please tell me in which context it is right to kill people for working on Sabbath.
You Know, charlie Oompa loompas don't have a sexual preference...
Close the Door I'll show my my fudge packing unit
Your team didn't win its division? that must be awful
You just made a 'too damn high' meme to a newly popular meme? how creative
Evolution is a lie? I'll let the medical community know they don't have to work on a new flu vaccine this year.
Real men eat meat, huh? Tell me, oh mighty hunter, what kind of dipping sauce do you like on your McNuggets?
Your parents make $100,000 a year and buy you everything? Please, tell me how much your life sucks.
Oh, you know of 1 porn site? That's cute.
 Insertion, my dear friends,  is 93% lubrication, 6% penetration, 4% ejaculation, and 2% rape. 
You like Wilfred, the Berenstain Bears, and smoking before finals? We have so much to show you.
Oh, interesting Tell me more about these "memes"
You smoked for the first time and got really stoned? That's very interesting
charlie, you will soon find out why i call it the everlasting gobstopper  
Oh, you've won 1000 pub games? Tell me more about competetive league
you taught your charizard all fire type moves? i can't imagine why you keep losing
Oh, you hit the share button you must be making quite the difference 
Paula Deen has diabetes? 
Oh, the ending sucked but you fixed it? You must be the next Asimov
Oh, you had a 4.0 in high school? You must know everything.
YOU THREATENED HIM ON THE INTERNET? YOU MUST BE A REAL BADASS
alienware, huh? You must be a hacker.
Oh, You have faith in the match percentages? You must be new to this site
Oh you've read "The god delusion"? you must be an expert in christian theology
oh, you're an aging, washed-up former 'snl' star with a theater degree from a bible college? by all means, please tell me why evolution is wrong.
oh, you can tell i'm being sarcastic? You must be really smart, huh
Oh, You own a Che Guevara T-shirt? Tell me more about how rebellious you are
You're an atheist? Please cure me of my delusions
YOu play call of duty? You must know everything about guns
Oh, you scored a piece for enormous orchestra and chorus? You must be the next Gustav Mahler
OH, YOU THINK THE FIRST BETA "HAS BUGS"? PLEASE TELL ME ABOUT IT
oh you dont shop at Walmart because you hate huge corporations. Please tell me more about how you dont have to live on a budget.
IF HER PUSSY SOUNDS LIKE YOU STIRRING MAC N CHEESE WHEN YOU FUCK HER  SHE'S A KEEPER
Chris Paul Trade nixed by the league? You poor tortured soul. Your life has been nothing but anguish from the beginning.
you play COD? please, tell me all about the army
Oh, you've been single for a while? That must be awful
Oh, You have a papers due in 2 different classes? Gosh, that must be hard
Oh, You have a Canada goose jacket? It must be keeping you real warm this winter
oh, people are down voting your funny  post? explaining the joke in the comments will surely help
Oh you do impressions of celebrities? Please do them even when no one wants you to
Oh you're an atheist on reddit? You must be so brave.
So science was made up by Humans? Please tell me more about the bible.
Oh, You didn't get to sleep in today You must be very tired.
Oh, you took a black and white picture of a blade of grass? Please tell me how deep you are
Oh, you own a Bible? Enlighten me with your vast knowledge of Christianity
You got grouped with stupid people in LFD? Please tell me of your unique and life-changing experience.
You're 18 and have a baby? Please, tell me how I should raise my kids
Oh, you wear bob Marley apparel? You must smoke a lot of pot
Ohh, im going to need lots of protein?  Tell me more about my own eating habits.
Oh, your iPhone used autocorrect? I bet it was hilarious.
Christianity is a religion of love and peace? Please, tell me more
so you pray for the less fortunate? tell me more about how they're doing now.
oh yes   i did 
Oh, so you did JROTC in High School? You must have so much useful information about what the military is actually like. 
Oh, you say you're Christian and don't support seperation of church and state? We let the church into the government once before.  It's called 'The Dark Ages'
I like your dress It matches your underwear
So, you slept like a baby last night? Tell me how was it waking up starving every 2 hours
Oh, you haven't fapped for 2 days That must be tough
Oh, you just managed to out think a religious fundemental? Please, regale us with your thrilling tale in comic form. 
A little early for halloween candy, no? better make sure they're all "okay to eat" 
Oh, Your grandpa reads only the bible for 5 hours a day? He must be a very smart man.
Freshman economics major? Tell me more about saving the country.
Oh, You know one of the 18,000 undergrads at Carolina? Please, for the love of god ask me if I know them.
Oh, you save your empty alcohol bottles and show them off like trophies? You must be so proud of your onset alcoholism.
Oh, your university was the first facebook meme page? please, tell me how you are better than everyone else.
Oh, you are white? Please tell me more about how racism is over
Oh, your code compiled? I'm sure it will work perfectly
Oh, you're an atheist? you must be right about everything.
Oh, you're an atheist? How else are you rebelling against your parents?
Oh you're from Canada or Europe? Please tell me more about why America sucks
Oh, you use reddit to make fun of reddit? how reddit 
"fuck da police"? Tell me exactly how your suburban teenaged ass is getting deeply oppressed by the police. 
The history of religious celebrations is ambiguous and poorly documented? no shit.
Oh, everything will be okay if we just get rid of Obama? What else did you hear on fox news?
Oh, you have an intro biology test tomorrow? That must be awful
Oh, Your facebook friend is a religious idiot? how deeply  you must suffer
Oh, You finished the prologue of your first novel? so How many novels    haven't you written so far?
Oh, you're going to tell me that story again I wonder if it will have a different ending this time
An advice animal with a person's myspace  picture and a specific story? Way to take the high road.
Oh, you misspelled 'they're' in an internet argument? Well, you might as well give up now.
Wow Those are nice
you raised a child over 30 years ago please keep telling me what i'm doing wrong
So you wear Costa Del Mar's, visors, sperry's, khaki's, and polo's? you must be proud of your individuality.
Oh, You didn't sleep well last night? That must be terrible.
Oh, You're taking Psychology 101? Your analysis is probably on point.
oh, you watched an oliver stone movie? yes, please tell me why i shouldn't have joined
You like your women modest? You must be the perfect boyfriend
Oh, you smoke weed? You should post another status about that
Oh, you're a white, middle-class kid who grew up in the suburbs? You must be such a gangster.
Please use the "I see you did...and raise you..." phrase again That makes you look really original
Oh, You Have a major in CHASS... Yes please continue to tell me how you have the hardest major at NC state.
Oh, you've got a masters degree? great, are you guys serving the egg nog lattes yet?
Oh you are a rich NRI born and brought up in a region with hardly any indians? Tell me how being SC has affected your life
What's that? You make thousands less in your career on average than I will? Please, continue to explain how superior your UNC degree is.
Oh, You can copy/paste a link from Stumbleupon? You must be so creative
Oh, your cousin's girlfriend's little sister is a nurse? Please, enlighten me with your medical knowledge.
Oh, you were up all night studying? Architecture students got 6 hours of sleep in the last 5 days.
You're taking tough classes?  Oh please do tell me more about your sociology major 
Oh, please tell me more about this dave matthews concert
 willy wonka 99% man 1% homosexual overtones  
You use the noob tube with the danger close perk? Tell me again how good you are at this game.
Oh, you made a sarcastic post on reddit about liberal atheists acting like they can solve all the worlds problems? You must be on a whole other level than everybody else.
You made a joke about Tim tebow and his religion? How clever and original.
oh, so you're rich on a video game? you should be very proud.
so you're going to stop online piracy, huh? Just like you did with drugs, right?
Oh, you also frequent the website 'Reddit'? We must have so much in common
Oh, you're twelve years old? Tell me all about what true love is. 
oh you made fun of me on reddit? all those internet points you got really showed me
oh there was traffic? please tell me about how you're the only person who knows how to drive.
Oh, You listen to Avenged Sevenfold? You must be a huge metalhead
Oh, Your campus is diverse? I had no idea that diversity looked so much like white people
Oh, Fab Melo won't play in the NCAA Tournament? Please tell me about how you'll need to update your bracket. 
Oh, You can name the original 151 pokemon? You must be a pokemon master
Please, ask me how many fucks i give
Oh yes, skinnyfat friend who has never lost or gained weight, Tell me more about your views on metabolism and eating.
Oh, my worldview is simplistic? What's your answer then? Let government do it. That is complex and profound.
Oh, you are stressed out about your comm final? It must be so difficult...
Oh you're an athiest living in europe? please, continue to tell me how common that is
Oh. you have a girlfriend? please talk to me like i dont know what a girl is
Matthew 6:18 (Fast for Lent in secret)   yes, tell me more about what youre giving up for lent.
you must know a lot about islam Please tell me about those virgins
Oh, You just became a Paramedic? You must know everything.
Oh, you don't know how a central planning board will know whether it is using resources wisely without the profit-and-loss signals generated by free markets based on private ownership of the means of production? Please, continue telling me about the wonde
Oh, you speak foreign languages loudly in the dining hall? You must be so cultured.
Welcome to the internet You must be new here.
Oh, you already knew something posted on TIL You must know everything.
How did you feel after obama's address? Hopeful?
come here kids wanna see something swell?
Oh, You have scars? Please talk about them at every opprotunity
Oh, it's Christmas? I never would've know if it weren't for you facebook posts.
$300 a week? That's cute.
you want to know why I want to attend your university? How original.
You're both a redditor AND an atheist? How unique.
My alarm woke you up this morning? gosh it must have been real tough having to go back to sleep again
Oh, you're majoring in business? I'm so sorry engineering didn't work out.
Oh, you used to be addicted to crack? Please, tell me again how god spoke to you
oh, you use a mac. Thanks for telling me.
Oh, you've seen the matrix? pardon me, socrates
You're complaining about condescending memes? You must be so original
You're protesting against "racist" meme pages on Facebook? Please tell me more about your humanitarian exploits.  
Oh, You just graduated? cheeseburger, fries and diet coke please
*SIGH* I would strangle her all night long
Oh, You saw drake in concert? Please tell me all about how you're going to marry him.
Oh, you have a razor scooter? You must get to class so much faster
Oh, you spent 30 minutes watching a video on the internet? By all means, regale me with your expertise in foreign policy
oh, that's inconsistent with what economists call "the law of comparative advantage."  comparative advantage.  No, "comparative." C-o-m-p-... actually, i'm interrupting. please, continue telling me how there won't be any jobs left for americans if we let 
You're responsible for the well bieng of a cat? I bet that must be a challenge.
5 page final paper and 2 final exams? You must be overwhelmed.
Oh, so it's your first time posting on Reddit? this is me pretending to give a shit
Oh, a new hitler meme? I guess all the old jokes are original again
Oh, You double majored in Literature and philosophy? tell me more about your amazing career opportunities.
You own Beats by Dre headphones? You must know a lot about music.
Oh, you got distracted in class once? Tell me more about how bad your add is.
Oh you're from Cleveland? I bet you think the Browns will win the Super Bowl
Oh, youre offended by a meme? tell us all how awful it is, internet arguments always keep people away
Oh, You're an Engineering Major? I'll have the virgin delux.
Oh the garbage man woke you up early? Tell me how exhausted you must be
Oh, you're twleve and have a boyfriend? Yeah, you two will love each other forever.
Oh, you believe your lesbian daughter is immoral? Tell me more how your marriage certificate is dated 6 months before your daughter's birth certificate
Oh, you're in a sorority? You must be so philanthropic.
You aren't an athiest, you're agnostic? That's nice, sweety.  Aren't words fun to use?
You've been watching Grey's Anatomy for 3 years? Tell me again how my doctor was wrong
So, christians are retarded You must be a prestigious psychologist
Oh, you used the word "ignorant" in a sentence? you must certainly be smarter than society
Oh, you use instagram? You must be such an artist.
you want the key to the factory? reach in my pocket and get it
Your PhD is in Theology? Congratulations ... "Doctor"
You had Crossbow training? I'm sure it will be put to great use one day
Adrianne Curry retweeted you? She must be crazy with desire for you.
Complaining about mediocrity as a 3 seed Must be rough
those consequences aren't what you intended? that's okay. their loved ones know you meant well.
you hate justin bieber, do you? what a controversial opinion.
your university has an intercampus shuttle? please continue telling me how annoying it is
Oh, you've chosen to major in something other than science or math? Fuck you
Oh, you posted a picture of the sun in the "hottest .gif" thread? You should be a comedian. 
oh, you're peyton manning? Too bad the broncos still suck.
Oh, You're a christian being persecuted in America? The Jews in Nazi Germany would've felt so sorry for you
Remember You will never experience this game new ever again.   Savor it now. 
you're a lazy college senior? You must be a complete badass.
Oh, you sang recreationally in middle school? I'm sure the madhatters will be thrilled to hear your audition
Oh, You just had your best season in school history? You must have won your conference
Oh, You listen to avicii? You must be well versed in EDM knowledge.
Hey ... You like sucking dick, dont ya ?
You uploaded something from Reddit to Facebook? You must be so funny. 
You just noticed this today? Thanks for sharing. I've only seen it 10 times in the past hour
Oh, you took a picture of the sunset? You must be an amazing photographer
oh, you're a journalism major? tell me all about how you're going to change the world
Oh, you're from boston? Please, tell me more about the suburb you're actually from
You found a silver rupee! You must feel like a celebrity
So this rage comic has rage? Well thats different.
oh, you're going to skip all classes? Tell me how that works out for you in the end
Oh, you used the gay seal you must be so witty
Oh, you watched clannad and cried please, tell me more about your unique experience
Oh, You go to msu? Please, keep showing me why I didn't go there
There's signs up at lawson saying to respect all teams and players? That's cute
You film people falling on the slopes? Let's see your edit.
Oh, you play madden and call of duty? you must be a true gamer.
Oh, you hate cancer? You must sign up for Relay for Life
Oh, You're in the swanson school of engineering? Please continue to bitch to me about your shitty life.
Oh, You're being persecuted for being a Christian in America? Then tell the Egyptian Coptic Christians what it feels like to be persecuted in america, they are literally dying to know what that feels like.
College senior - jaded and cynical about life? You have no fucking idea what's in store.
You'd rather say 'Merry Christmas' instead of 'Happy Holidays?'  you're such a rebel
Oh, You're younger than I am? Idiot
You did what today?!  Please add another mundane Facebook update so we can all enjoy it.
You tie up your hoodie strings in a bow? Please, enlighten me on your fashion expertise
You have a Cummins Diesel with dualies? How adorable.
Oh, you live in babcock? Tell me all about how you care about diversity and that the controllable heating means nothing to you.
You walked all the way up the stairs from Lower to the Quad? You must be a mountaineer
Oh, You're not allowed to use religion to justify bigotry? You must be so oppressed. 
I dont mean to brag but i pay a tiny fraction of the cost of your school, and am going to get a job after 
Oh, You used dubstep in your movie trailer? You must be so hip to trends.
What's that, you only watch football during the superbowl? tell me more about your uninformed predictions
Oh, you hate Nickelback too? Tell me more about your superior taste in music.
You have a music degree? Well then you can sing while you get me my drink
Oh you're launching a local website for things to do, see and eat in Philly? That's nice
Oh, You're going to take away the alcohol? that will stop the rave kids
Oh, You spent a half hour on Facebook arguing with a christian? Please, tell us again who the idiot is.
you're an atheist you say? i really don't care.
You Make Fun Of People Who Live With Their Parents You Must Be So Independent In Your College Dorm
12 years old Calls you "kid"
Oh, so you've been into dubstep before it was cool? Please tell me more about, no wait nevermind just shut up
You've been on the internet for over 5 years? you must be the smartest person alive
Oh, You detest sitcoms with a laugh track? What sophisticated taste in popular television you have.
So you read the front page of the internet What's it like knowing everything?
 Hi Cyn!
You're the only one left charlie Looks like you're going to be my new little fudge packer
Oh, You're depressed? Masturbate somewhere you haven't masturbated before.
Oh You're In A Frat? Tell me your stupid stories of how you blacked out
oh, you've seen this post twice already? that must be so annoying
Oh, You self diagnosed OCD? Go on with how quirky and unique you are.
You watch sons of anarchy? You must know all about underground motorcycle clubs
You posted your opinion in r/politics? oh, you wanted downvotes
Accept jesus as lord wow life changing
Gas is $4.26 a gallon and girls still think we're still coming over to "chill"
Oh, you've been voting for a few decades now? That explains the State of the Union.
Oh, You're insulting us by reposting an old meme? You must be so clever.
You have a bob Marley shirt? You must know so much about trees.
Oh you play Intramural hockey? Please, tell me how you almost played for the Fighting Sioux
You feel overworked as a first year anthropology major? That must be unbearable
hi im gene wilder i had a nice life, till i died  
Oh, you're a first year law student? Tell me more about how you know how to handle a big case in the news but lawyers with 25 years' experience don't.
Oh, you post "memes" on Facebook? Tell me again how you pronounce that word.
Oh you read the Walking Dead graphic novel? You must know everything that's going to happen on the TV show.
Oh, your business and marketing midterms are hard? tell me again how lucky i am to be enrolled in three studio classes this semester. i dare you. 
And not a single fuck was given that day
Oh, you'll pray for me to find god? Tell santa claus not to give me any presents this year, too
Oh, You love Family Guy? You must have a great sense of humor
Oh you wear leggings everyday? You must do so much yoga
Oh, Kellin Quinn said hi to you? Whens the wedding again?
Oh, you ride a GSXR, and wear an icon vest? you must be an amazing stunt rider
Oh, that's so interesting tell me more...
Oh, you play guitar hero? by all means, take my guitar and play some hendrix
Oh, you unfriended me on facebook? How crushing
You joined ROTMG six months ago? Tell me more about how good it used to be
My god that she lives like a slob what a dirty, dirty girl
oh, jesus>religion? is bacon>food?
Your Venasaur has a type advantage over my Blastoise? I'm sure the fact that my Blastoise is 20 levels higher won't affect anything.
Oh, you wear stripper heels and miniskirts to class in February?  You must have so much self-respect
Oh, you support the criminalization of marijuana? You must know all the negatives about weed
Oh, You are using this meme? You have to be a lot more intelligent than everyone else
Oh, You just graduated? You must not have a job. 
Oh, you have 3 degrees and worked a 70 hour job for your own company? Please, Todd Emma, tell me how you are over-qualified for this teaching thing.
you have no idea what you're in for.
Oh, you enjoyed the gif, did you Please continue
Oh, you thought about going to law school when you were an undergrad? Gosh, we're basically the same then, aren't we?
You like to brag about smoking pot? You must be so hardcore.
These advice animals Don't offer advice anymore.
Oh, You're in Maggies You must know everything about organizing a 5k.
Oh, you're giving up facebook for lent? Your faith must mean so much to you
You get NOTHING! You lose! Good day, sir!
Oh, you play Call of Duty and you're six years old? You must have so many friends
 willy wonka 50% man 50% pedobear  
So you're a liberal atheist who's angered by rick perry? I guess you won't be voting for him anymore
Oh, You like to vote things down on Reddit? Please, show me what you've posted that's better.
So this god created everything you say?  Oh? Everything except science? How very interesting...
So you're an art major? Please tell me more about your hopes and dreams after college
rapping about how you want your girlfriend back? please call her a bitch and whore multiple times
You spell it with a capital G? Your god must be real then.
oh, you're an english major? 
Oh, ______'s in your UT squad? How unique!
Post pic of fat person appalled by reaction to fat people by others
Oh, you just discovered memes? Please, post them all on Facebook to show how in- touch you are with internet culture
you have a lower standard of living than your parents did at your age? no doubt. when traveling, they never had to make sure they were carrying a phone charger or consult yelp to find the nearest starbucks when they needed wifi.
Ah, gays will ruin the sanctity of marriage? tell me again which parent you live with?
Oh, you're going to the trinity ball Please tell me how much you love marina and the diamonds
Oh, you're single and have no kids? tell me more about how busy and stressful your life is.
You're an atheist and you saw a Christian Mingle commercial?  That must be Horrible
Candy is dandy  but liquor is quicker
Oh you have a zit on your face that must be awful
Oh, you attended Le Cordon Bleu in Chicago? I hear Burger King is hiring.
you hate bikers? it must be wonderful having time to walk everywhere
 I warned you not to chew the rufilin gum
oh, you go to uw oshkosh? you must party so hard
You know, Charlie Slugworth and I have seen you around town...
Oh, so they changed the alcohol policy to match what students already do on break? How thoughtful.
Jesus was a bleeding heart, long haired, anti establishment, peace loving hippie liberal freak with strange idea's and two fathers.  Tell me more about this lord and savior
Oh, You're against marijuana? Tell me again about all the brain cells it kills.
You have such large headphones You must know so much about music
Your not a slut? so, are you like...                                         a volunteer prostitute then?
Oh, you go to McKendree University? Tell me again about these "magical sprinklers!"
Oh, you're wearing a northface & uggs please tell me about how unique and different you are
Wanna lick of my snozzberries?
You're asking Reddit for advice on street smarts? No, I'm sure they're highly qualified on the subject
LDAC Tab? You must be ready for Afghanistan.
you've smoked the past five nights in a row? You must know everything about marijuana
Who can get you in his van?  Or his '89 sedan? The Candy man can
You have a day of high winds? That must be awful
I'm not gay, My boyfriend is.
Uggs and leggings? you have the most original sense of style 
Aww. That's Cute.
so you're reading the bible to learn about morality? you must be great at skipping pages
Oh you watch CNN? You must know everything about World politics
Oh, You spent valentines day alone You must be the loneliest person on earth
Oh, You're in a band? It must be fascinating to be uninsured
      OH THIS IS YOUR 2ND MACBOOK     AND 3RD IPHONE IN THREE YEARS?  PLEASE TELL ME MORE ABOUT      HOW AWFUL THINGS ARE FOR YOU 
You know how I know your gay? because you are "you"
Oh, You covered the "in god we trust" on money You sure showed the government
Oh, so you were forced to be here because you got an underage drinking ticket? Please tell me how to work my steps
Oh, you're a redditor? Why don't you tell me how awful northwestern memes is?
Oh, you're wearing a fishing shirt Please tell me about the fish you caught this morning before class
Oh, You wear TOMS? You must really care about things.
You mean you're unashamed that you're a christian in the bible belt? How brave of you.
WSU gets a snow day tomorrow? That's cute.
Oh, Your four humanities classes give you a lot of reading? Please, tell me more about how challenging your schedule is
Oh, you have an opinion on the Trayvon Martin case? You must know all the facts
3+ Years huH? You must know everything.
Oh, You only date older guys? You must be very mature
No one "gets" you? That must be hard
you say you own part of the green bay packers please, tell me the power moves you plan to make in the organization.
Oh, you have a Vintage vinyl sticker on your car? Please, tell me more about your superior musical tastes.
You're a 19 year old Republican? Please, tell me all of Daddy's views
Cum with me and you'll be in a world of pure fornication
 mod  of  /r/trees  never got  around  to starting  a non-profit organization?  I can't imagine why.
Oh you're an Ad photo major and use a sony camera? that's cute
 You must be new here
You're blaming an entire generation instead of the career Congressman? Please tell me more about your political wisdom
Oh, your genes are the problem? Which gene is it that makes you addicted to food and allergic to exercise?
I saw what you and                  grandpa joe were doing back there who told you to stop
Oh, You're wearing a bintang singlet? You must be so well traveled 
Michael Jackson had a ferris wheel But I have a chocolate river
oh, so you want to go in my chocolate factory? you must be as high as me to enter
What's that? Matt is gay?  Please, continue to charm me with your intellectual and profound words
You get NOTHING YOU LOSE! Good day, Sir.
Oh, Your gamertag is xX13375n1p35xxx? You must be very mature.
I only use this meme,  to tell people how much of an asshole I am.
Okay
Oh, I'm Sorry Seems i'm all out of fucks to give
Oh, You took human sexuality with the baldwins? You must know everything about sex.
Please Tell me more
Cool story bro tell it again
"We need to throw the ball more?" Interesting, when were you drafted?
"Too Young"? Sorry, I Don't Speak Chinese
oh you made it to the front page of reddit once? tell me how the internet works
trainer bra see? not a lot of people would notice that, but i did.
Oh, you're an retard? Why don't you talk retarded and get me some water.
You study I.R? How employable.
Oh you're a Cavalry Scout? You must think your a real soldier
Abortion is murder, you say? As a man, you must be an expert on the subject
Why the fuck am i talking about big black dick?
Oh, you got in? That must feel really special.
 how fuckin' fascinating  tell me more about it
oh, You post song lyrics on facebook You must be so deep.
Oh, You also smoke weed? I smoke weed every single day just like you we are going to get along so well i can tell already
Oh, you can't afford to pay for school? The blues must sound nice through those $300 headphones
Oh, you like to do 'hood rat' things? You must be so rebellious.
So.. Have you seen Oompa Loompa Porn yet ?
Oh, You're excited to be an accounting major? I'm sure you'll score the cubicle of your dreams.
Oh you live in Manzanita? your dorms must be so nice
Oh you are a part of Greek life? Please tell me, whats Greece like?
Oh, You have dre beats? Please, tell me how much music you have produced.
atheism is a devil worshipping religion? that must be why you see all the atheistic churches
Please... Just  sit on my face
Oh, you hate your job? Tell me everything about it.
you program in Python? that explains why you are so smart, handsome and sexy
Oh, so you're a nurse and you failed first aid? Maybe you shouldn't be a nurse?
Hey. Nice penis
You're struggling to be an actress? try acting like a waitress
Oh, you're in an a capella group? You must be so talented.
Your m4 is custom? you must be quite the operator
People stealing content from reddit? Such injustice!
Oh, you are three years into your B.A. in Political Science? Please explain to me why Newt's dissertation is crap.
Oh, You're a sophomore at usafa? you must be brimming with military experience
Oh, Your making a black champion? Your game must be soo multicultural.
Unimpressed memes? How Original.
Oh, you have Crohns? I'm so sorry
Oh, You plugged the green cable to the green port. You must know everything about computers.
You have a killer idea for a startup? I'm sure you'll be super successful
Look at that girl... man it's good to be the candy man
Kony, putting the "infant" back in "infantry?" What Uganda do about it
Oh, You go to Fletcher? You must know everything.
Oh, I see you know how to cuss like a sailor. You must attract so many guys with your expansive vocabulary. 
Oh, there's a non-discrimination policy? Obviously you are the victim
You came up with a sarcastic wonka meme? That's very original
Oh you posted a meme from reddit on facebook? That's cute 
You say you'll never drink that much again? You must be new here.
oh, you listen to bullet for my valentine? You must be really hardcore.
Oh, how adorable Quickmeme has its first obnoxious pop-up
Ohh, que interesante.. Cuentame mas
Mana problems ? Tell me more.
Oh, you're wearing a Fox Racing jacket? You must take your dirt bike off so many jumps.
Oh, the "make me a sandwich" joke? You're quite witty!
Oh, you played an open mic at donkey? You must be a serious musician.
Oh, Anthony Jordan made a bad call against you? I can't imagine how you feel.
Oh, You call Skrillex Sonny moore?  You must be such an amazing fan
Oh, You don't like valentine's day? I'm sure everyone on facebook is just dying to know
Am I creepy? Or Condescending?
Oh, You saw this sticker first? Tell me more of the things that utah got first
Oh you're a nursing major? Just like every other girl that goes to WSU
Oh you just graduated OCS sir? No, please, share your tactical wisdom sir.
Oh you go on strike please tell me how you gonna win this one
Oh, You got an upvote? You must be really funny...
You're a teenage girl? You must love photography.
Oh, the pastor of your mega church just bought a new Lear Jet? That reminds me, how's your '86 Tercel running?
Oh, you studied abroad last quarter? Please, tell me more about how cultured you are now
The Duggars are having baby #20. They plan to name it Just Can't Get Enough
Oh, you are in college without a job please tell me how raising taxes will improve our economy
oompa loompa  doom-pa-dee doo touch my penis
Oh, mormons don't believe in jesus christ? Please inform me of my own religion
Oh, You're giving up Facebook for lent? God must be so proud of your heartfelt sacrifice.
Your sister has kids? You're right, I guess you are qualified to tell me how to raise mine. 
Oh, You're a 90's kid? Tell me all about nostalgia. 
Oh, hi, Newt Gingrich, Please, keep talking to me about the sanctity of marriage
Oh, you're an architecture student? please tell me more about your sleep schedule.
Oh, you use Instagram? You must be a great photographer
Oh, You use Instagram? Please tell me what it's like to be a professional photographer.
Oh, you're wearing a che guava shirt? you must be such a rebel 
oh look that faggot again
oh, your boyfriend got you something nice today? he must put in so much effort the other 364 days of the year 
Oh, You're on the baseball team? I couldn't tell from your giant diamond earrings
Oh, you "hacked" his facebook while he was still logged in? You must be the best hacker in the world
Oh, you hate me? That's funny, considering idgaf
I'm can be patronising Do you understand what that means?
Oh, You have an opinion that differs from mine? don't forget to call me an idiot
Oh, You're a flight parmedic? You must know everything.
So she wrote "Happy Birthday" on your wall? she must want your cock
you had no trouble with skyward sword's controls? You must know everything about sword fighting
R/Jailbait? Yess. This looks nice.
OH, I POST TOO MANY PICTURES OF MY CAR? TELL ME MORE ABOUT HOW INTERESTING YOUR LUNCH IS
Oh, your tummy hurts I'm so sorry
you mean to tell me you have a tasmainian she devil as a security guard? IIINNNTERESTING
uh little boy! my penis must be untouched by human hands
Oh, you're shabazz napier? Please, tell me how to properly airball every three.
Mmm... a tranny 
Oh, You listen to "REAL" House music? You Must Know EVERYTHING about music. 
oh, you've seen this posted to reddit a hundred times ? then I apologize for wasting your precious, fleeting life. Please, continue browsing reddit.
 Oh, you just took GE 1000   You must be a great engineer, please tell me more about the job you have lined up.
You Know, charlie i'm not in a purple suit for nothing...where is my money?
Welcome to the internet you must be new here
I'm going to kill you in your sleep Then rape your dead body
You just got a new rachel starr dvd? Please show us your favorite scene
Oh, YOu're in SMG? I'd love to hear about your team.
Oh, you once questioned whether people see the same blue color as you do? Yes, please enlighten me more with your wisdom.
insanity wolf is being used differently lately? Gee, that must be awful.
Was once a graduate who thought he knew everything... Now is an old know-it-all who believes everyone younger than him is an asshole know-it-all like he was.
Oh, YOU'RE DODGING THE ISSUE? Yes, please tell me more about your political wisdom
Oh you wear a wifebeater around campus? You must beat lots of ass
OH, you have crohns? I've had my colon surgically removed
Wow, Parkview really is far... When you're talking to an aviation student.
If you think you're getting out of this factory a virgin... you're one nutty piece of candy
i gave that bitch a snozzberry Bitches love snozzberries 
Oh, You're an 18 year old conservative? Please Share with me your political wisdom.
"I'm really shy" Is that why you're showing off your naked body?
oh, you used hashtags on facebook? you're so trendy.
oh, you love Cranium? welcome to r/Boardgames
Oh, you made a overly attached girlfriend meme? You must know all about bandwagons
oh, you have an  slr camera?  you must be such a good photographer 
You think you're a virtual market tycoon? That's cute.
You charge $4,000 more than Harvard in tuition, yet allow freshman dorm rooms to remain unsafe? Please, tell me more about your concern for social justice....
A joke about Anne Frank and the Holocaust? You must be such a hit at parties!
 u trollin'?
Whats that? You like penis? LOL. FAG
Oh, You think cook and douglas are the same thing You must live on LIVI
You read that in my voice? What on earth made you do that?
Wow, when you put it that way you almost sound  literate
Oh, you're religious? Tell me all about your knowledge of your own religion
Oh, you were the valedictorian of your graduating class of 20? You must know everything.
Look at that bitch sucking those gum balls
Design and merchandising? That must be tough
You want to teach Creationism in Science? Then Christianity belongs in Mythology.
oh, you take the bible literally? and how are your slaves doing?
Oh, you have wiener dog? And it sits on its ass? 
Oh, you wanted a "skyrim?"  I thought you would like these bullets instead, go kill a deer, pussy
You Know, charlie if you suck my dick you won't be poor anymore.
Harmless old men:  "Let's not make this rape a murder."
OH, YOU'RE IN A BAND? PLEASE TALK ABOUT YOUR BAND
Oh you wear tapout clothing? You must be the best fighter
OH YOU shared a religious post on facebook? you must be going straight to heaven
Oh whats that? you just had a baby? how unique.. please. do post pictures to facebook
Oh, you wear sunglasses to class? Please, tell me how sunny it is outside.
Oh, you just lost 10 pounds on a new diet? Please tell me everything you know about nutrition 
Oh, You're a christian? You must be more morally sound than i am.
Oh, you're an architecture student? Please tell me more about how miserable your life is
Thomas GRENON just doublon, isn't it?
You're stereotyped to have huge penises and god like athletic abilities? How awful
Oh, you should be studying? Thanks for telling facebook about it
one direction?  who the fuck are they?!
Oh, you heard "Sell Out?" Tell me all about how RBF is your new favorite band
Overuse memes? I sure Do
Oh, you're an english major? that must really help out when waiting tables
Oh, you're in the friendzone? Her boyfriend must be the biggest dick in the world.
Your profile picture is a headshot? You must be a  famous actress.
You're a liberal college hipster you say? Tell me how it feels to be an unique individual?
Oh you told the professor the assignment was bullshit you must be so rebellious
Oh, your generation got us $15 trillion in to debt? Please tell me more about your political wisdom.
You're carrying a backpack on a saturday night? You must be really studious
The secret ingredient in a wonka bar is my jizz
You read a tumblr post and solved the Invisible Children scam? You must be so proud.
Oh, you're an engineer? Please, tell me again how hard it is
Oh, your parents are terrible and hate you? They love you enough to have a computer with internet so you can bitch to the world about it
Raves have half naked 14 year olds? I'm so down!
Oh, you have a lazy eye? You must be Willy Wonky
You're staying off Facebook during finals week? What a sacrifice.
Your not a slut? so, are you like...a volunteer prostitute then?
Oh, You've got a bachelors degree in liberal arts? How's that job working out for you?
Oh, You're an escort? You must be "working your way through school".
Oh, so you're #36 in the nation? Please tell me more, I'm so impressed
Your SO dumped you on the holidays? Must have been nice to have someone.
You lost your virginity last night? Please, walk me through the whole fifteen seconds.
you made a meme about Saint Patrick's day? How festive of you.
It's hot and creamy?  You can actually feel it running down your throat?
Oh, You just posted a photo of yourself chugging alcohol and tagged YOURSELF? You must be so cool. 
UCF and USF have a meme rivalry now? How adorable
you watch the big bang theory and know memes You must be geniuses
asi que eres testigo de jehova dime que se siente tener un amigo imaginario
You smoke weed? Yes, please tell me more about your gangster life.
You were up all night partying? poor thing, you must be exhaused
Oh, You're a social media specialist? Let's make it a grande this time. 
Oh, you're a film major? please, continue to tell me how my favorite movie is overrated
You're in cse 148? that must be so difficult
Oh, you read that on the internet let me update my status so you can continue "learning"
whatcha  doin?
Oh, you found /r/atheism when you got to college this fall, and are now a hardcore atheist? You are so much different than everyone else there
Oh, you're going out for thirsty thursday? your major must be even harder than your last 5 facebook statuses suggest
Come along with me into A world of pure procrastination
So you listen to skrillex, huh? I've heard bass drops that will shatter your world. 
no, go ahead, tell me about  your political views   I need to feel smarter than someone
I make candy bitches love candy
Oh you thought you wouldn't end up in triage? Better start dying for real then.
Oh, You only got a week to work on your midterm paper? You must go to a tough school.
 Wanna take a ride  down this Hershey highway
Oh, you have a girlfriend? That's Nice. I have imaginary friends, too.
I'm only attracted to black chicks when they're menstruating
Oh, you wear cowboy boots? you must ride so many horses.
Good morning! You're adorable when you sleep.
You used a Willy Wonka meme? Damn, that must mean I'm wrong...
I promise it's a real lollipop in my pants
Oh, You're taking underwater basket weaving? Weave me a basket.
You Know, charlie The wallpaper isn't the only thing around here you can lick...
is your shirt untucked? go to the nurse for a drug test
Oh, You voted for Obama? You must be so proud. 
Oh, you just got your undergraduate business degree? Let me show you to your corner office.
I let that girl lick my lollipop Bitches love lollipops.
oh, your hispanic?  what the fuck is "jajajajaja" 
Oh, You live in Buckley? That must be very convenient.
Please tell me more about how much you drank
come with me and you'll see umpa lumpas enthralled in mutual masterbation
watching someone walk towards the front door to leave and they run into it because the sensor didn't work.
Oh, so your income was $10 mil instead of $20 mil last year... Please tell me how hard it must have been
OH, you need guns to stop tyranny? please tell me more how they stopped the patriot act
You're from Seattle and like Macklemore? How interesting
Oh, so you don't know what red and gold is? You must be new here
Oh, you've got a 12" penis? Tell me about how you punched through your girlfriend's cervix and filled her fallopian tubes with semen, leaving her bleeding and sterile
Oh, Fast asleep you say? Well here comes the fucking train
tits or gtfo
Oh look It's This post again
Oh, you go to IU? Please tell me how much better Little 500 is than any of OU's fests
Oh, you're a new paramedic? This patient is throwing up all over himself. He's all yours.
Oh, you drive manual in mario kart? You must be an expert
Oh, you got friend zoned? Come back to me when you can barely pay your power bill
First floor of Bailey-Howe? You must be studying SO hard. 
What's Drugs, My Dealer? 
Oh, you're a Michigan fan? You must be proud of your team's performance this weekend.
You go to Virginia Tech? Humor me with the UVA put-downs you use to help yourself sleep at night.
since she ate that gum violet isn't the only one who's swelling
I just heard a terrific condescending joke but you probably wouldn't understand it anyway 
Oh, you play football for UTC  You must drink all the chocolate milk at Crossroads
oh, you make memes? you must be so hilarious
Oh, you're a business major who can't program? I'd love to hear your idea for a great new internet company
Woah you sound badass.. Tell me more. 
Oh, You're in a fraternity?  You must be quite the gentleman
Nie mozesz nosic koszulki "zakaz pedalowania"? opowiedz nam jak bardzo jestes przesladowany
of course i'm happy i'm high as fuck
Oh, You're in improvability?  You must be so funny. 
Fuck you, You and your shitty grammar.
Oh, you don't want a bra fitting? tell me again about all the discomfort you're having.
Bitch ass nigger fuck chink shit pussy wagon
You didn't have anything to do for 5 weeks? That must be terrible
So, Charlie, let's see your golden thicket. Ticket. I said "Ticket."
Oh, You need this class to graduate? I can totally pretend you attended class and actually answered my test questions.
Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker  
Oh, a vt meme making fun of UVA? Tell me about all the fans your page has
You have over 10,000 Karma? That must look great on your resume
why did i really pick charlie? bleached asshole
you gave up facebook for lent? You must be such a martyr. 
a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men
 
Oh, you're a first year? Please tell me more about how much more chemistry you know than me
you like my little pony? oh..i thought that was called the "gay stage."
Let me tell you why thats Bull shit
You're only 14 and already a Mother? I didn't need to see a picture to know you are black.
Oh, you're in IR Research? Your complaining is so much more legitimate than ours.
Oh, You're giving up facebook for lent? Thanks for showing me What a morally sound person you are.
You have six guitars for a 45 minute set? You're the best lead guitarist ever.
Oh, You're a Republican You must know nothing.
My loompas My lovely Lady Loompas
Hey  little boy
Oh, you're a State fan? Please continue to blame the refs, disregard the fact that Leslie fouled out and turned the ball over in the clutch.
oh, you got 1,000,000 points on Temple Run? Congratulations, you get a medal 
Oh, you're in rcah? what do you want to do after college?
so you're voting ron paul for president and Brian Scalabrine for MVP?
Please continue to tell me about the illuminati
oh, you're a theatre major? yes, i'm sure you're very good at beer pong.
You think america is the dumbest country? The country that is made up of people from other countries?
So I see your status said you went out this weekend. You must be well prepared for your exams.
oh your'e listening to music on spotify you must think i care
You have a tapout shirt? You must be a great fighter.
Oh was that you who asked all those unrelated questions? The stuff the professor's actually teaching makes much more sense now
Oh, so you are going to stop at nothing to stop Kony? Please tell me more about what you are going to do.
Your 7th century eastern ways are superior? Yes, please explain to me using 21st century western technology.
Oh, You jumped over the hood of a car? I bet you made your sponsors so proud.
Why yes that is my penis
Oh, you love me? Well I love you more
Oh, You had to reject a guy? that must be so tough
i see what you did there
You attended LOL @ UIC to see Kenan Thompson because he was on Kenan & Kel and All That? You must have experienced your childhood in the 90's.
So, you think you work at most popular attraction in WDW? You must not be a space traveler.
you've been to how many dave shows? fascinating
Oh, You just graduated? That's Nice. how much debt are you in?
Oh, you know Neutral Milk Hotel? You must know music.
you must be a nigger
oh, you're celebrating death? tell me all about your moral superiority.
You Can Fuck It Suck It and Love It and it will never get any  Different
Oh, you made a new "unimpressed" meme? I'm so impressed
oh, you go to Kalamazoo college? please tell me how much smarter you are than everyone
You support Kony 2012? You must be quite the activist
Oh, the silent treatment? That'll solve everything.
Oh, you go to Western Michigan university? Please tell me how your education is pretty much a joke and all your parties are ended by the police
It's the little things in life that remind me of your penis
Oh, Your a senior and just finished your finals? what a unique accomplishment, you should tell everyone on facebook
That's not chocolate, charlie
Oh, you're religious? Hows waiting for death working out for you?
"Yes ma'am, my name is Eric Eylenstein and I'm calling regarding a negative e-mail your fat daughter sent about our ice cream. If it'll make it better.... I'll fuck her."
Oh, you're homophobic Then you're going to love UNCG
Willy Wonka? Yes. Yes he will.
I gave That bitch some snozzberries Bitches love snozzberries 
Dennis Ritchie died, and you mourn Steve Job you really know about computers... i'm serious
Oh, so you play Call of Duty? You must know a lot about war.
Oh, you like your house tidy and you're afraid of spiders? Tell me more about your crippling ocd and strange phobia.
i love niggers
Oh, so you wanted to "Occupyatheism"? I never noticed
Oh, you watch the Big Bang Theory? You must be so "nerdy" and smart
You're a straight guy in a gay club? You must be so open-minded.
you made a third world success meme you're a clever one
Come with me and you'll be fucked hard in the asshole
Bitch You know... you want the dick!!
FUCK YO COUCH NIGGA Seriously though, your couch is inferior to most couches of similar size and value.
Oh, you can't believe your staying in on a saturday night? That must be really hard for you.
Oh You can't stand "ratchet" people? Please tell me how classy you are
Oh, so you got a 300 PT score Too bad you cant  do 10 pull ups
These aquinas memes are stupid? I bet all the ones you've posted are fucking hilarious
hi im gene wilder i had a nice life, till i died  
Oh, you're a chicano studies major? that must really help out when your working at Victoria's
so you traded in your iPhone 4 for an extra half inch I hope your girlfriend doesn't do the same.
Oh, You just lost your virginity? You must know everything about sex.
I want to kill Flo from the Progressive Commercials
oh, you're Tim Tebow? Too bad the broncos still suck.
oh wow I've never met a professional bull-shitter before.
Healtlodge: Tell the scout having an asthma attack to use his inhaler and take it easy Really?
I'm gonna tie you to the radiator and grape you in the mouth
Chuck Norris is God you say? Have you ever met Bruce Lee?
Oh, you love Zooey Deschanel? You must know all about being quirky and unique.
Favorite Cereal? Reese's Puffs
Oh, you're a Poly Sci Major? I bet that's really hard
This one again? You must be new here.
Oh, you're being persecuted? Tell me about how the people mistreat you
In Loompa Land it looks a lot bigger
Your seeing a vpxd memory leak? how interesting.
A guy had sex with you? Yes, he must love you very much
Oh you've been to Germany before Please, continue to tell me what my country is like.
What? I'm not staring at your cock!
I would like my cream filling inside your chocolate starfish
Wow that's exciting Do tell me more
Oh, you wear tights and uggs? Your fashion sense must be so unique.
Oh, You're a diesel mechanic? please continue to talk to me like i'm an idiot
Thanks for reminding me that it's a smoke free campus I'll let you know when it becomes a bitch free campus
Oh you do track? you must be so sore after practice
You just graduated and can't find a job? It's cute how you think you're the only ones effected by the bad economy. 
1 in 178,000,000 chance you're going to win the lotto? Tell me more about what you're going to do with your golden ticket.
She sent you a smiley face? She must be dtf
girl, you have  skrillex hair? please Tell me all about how much you love sonny moore.
asi que eres ateo?? dime, que se siente hablar de dios todo el tiempo??
so you walk around saying "yolo" you obviously love oreos
Ompa Lumpa more like Ompa Limpa.
Oh, You're in the tu honors college? You must know everything.
charlie, my boy... let's not tell slugworth about all this
Oh, You've never made it to the front page?  You must be the only person who hasn't
been an escort for 6 years? your stinkbox must be fresh.
Oh, You're a film production major? You must know everything there is to know about movies.
Oh, so you never get carded at Beer Cave? You must look so old
oh a six-panel post about your occupation how clever
Oh, she's just wants to be friends? Your life must be over.
I gave that bitch schnozberries that taste like schnozberries Bitches love anything that tastes like schnozberries
Creepy Wonka Is kinda of like the Weird Candy man
Scary black people in your neighborhood you say? What would you do if I told you if I told you that I live next to a wonderous place that black people would never survive in.
I'll introduce you to the Candy Man No, the one with the hook
Hi, I'm Willy Wanker... I take it this audition is over?
Oh You're in a fraternity? Tell me about how much you drank last weekend
Oh, you're a zumba instructor? you must be an amazing dancer and choreographer. 
You poured one ounce of alcohol? Please tell me again why you deserve a tip.
Oh, You have a kinesiology degree? So what school do you teach gym at?
so you're saying that 13.75 billion years ago a microscopic speck exploded into 3 hundred sextillion stars, and all of the complex 5,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 organisms, on Earth alone(because there is also life on other planets), originate 
Oh, you have 100gb of sequencing data? How cute.
Oh, you have a Bachelor of arts degree? I'll have the Big Mac meal, please
you dislike Justin Bieber? How original, I'm sure you contributed a lot of unique viewpoints to that conversation.
Oh, so you're a male nurse? Tell me more about your girlish tendencies.
im not gay im just bi curious
You met him at DKE's That's gonna last. 
oh, you're a film major? You must know all the good movies
we are the music makers and we are the dreamers of dreams
Oh, You're an 18 year old libertarian?  Please share your political wisdom 
Your favorite shotgun is the striker? That must have been difficult to level up.
asi que eres neo nazi chileno dime que se siente ser tan ario
Well well well what do we have here?
You joined the army? you must have worked really hard in high school
Oh, Your classes last a whole semester? That must be very stressful.
9gag? You must waste so much time
so you're in klaaser gang? tell me how fucked your life is
the inspiration for the wonka bar is the one in my pants
A meme on Facebook? You're so funny at the internet.
before you finish you story My care cup is empty
Oh, so you get your news from Infowars and prisonplanet Please, educate my sheep mind about the world
Oh, Rush Limbaugh said something controversial? You must have been shocked
Oh, You just graduated? That's Nice.can you check on the paper in the engee printer?
The snozberries taste like snozberries, huh? Guess what flavor I made the snozberries
You didn't shower? You probably smell bad.
Oh, I see you have a nose piercing. it makes you so much more attractive and interesting
Oh, so you're a music major? Please tell me about which practice rooms are best to sleep in.
Oh, it's your 10 month anniversary? You must be so proud
You're a dental hygiene student? please, tell me everything I don't know
Whatcha Thinkin About?? ... I Like That
Oh, I introduced you to reddit last week? Please, keep sending me links to submissions you saw on the front page.
Oh, you went to the rodeo this week? tell me how you've always lived a country lifestyle.
Oh, so you're 18? Well I guess you can do anything you jolly well please then. 
You Know What I Want I Wanna talk to Sampson!
Oh, you're a mechanical engineer? Please tell me more about how the last 3000 years of technological evolution are just floating around in your head.
Oh, You just graduated? Ill have the Mocha Frappuccino 
The Giants just won the Super Bowl? Please, enlighten me with more information I don't know.
no, really tell me more
Tried to sneak picture of hot girl in class forgot new phone has flash.
So, you say you never watch porn? You must be really proud of yourself.
Oh really... tell me something i don't know
Oh you have the starcraft master Portrait? You must be a starcraft master
Oh, Your Gay? Silly Faggot Dicks Are For Chicks
Oh, you take acid every weekend? you must have such an open mind, man. 
Oh, so you're one year older than me Then please do share with me your infinite knowledge
oh, you think riding a scooter makes you gay? you're right
Oh, You criticise absolutely everything? Please, share with me your infinite wisdom
Oh, you're favorite font is comic-sans? That's Nice. I can't even take anything you say seriously.
You like trees? Please, tell me about every time you've ever been high.
Yes, yes... Now shut up before I choke you out
So you are into furries I am into SSBBW S&M while a Zombie bozo the clown watches 
Oh. you drive a Camaro? You must have a nice mullet
Oh, you shaved your mustache? I'm sure your upper lip appreciates you doing that in December
Rename this meme Condescending Wonka
Oh, you're a vegetarian? Why don't you eat rocks? These poor salad is a living thing too!
You just got back from Chem Lab? You must have a dent in your forehead.
Oh, You came across someone using reddit? Well, why don't you tell these other people using reddit all about it
Oh, You Took Womages? You must be such a feminist.
Denis Richie dies, and you mourn steve jobs you really know about computers... i'm serious
Oh, so you like my purple suit? Would you like to see something else that's purple.
You Know, charlie You still haven't unwrapped my Wonka bar...
OH, YOU'RE IN MUIR? YOU MUST HAVE REALLY HARD GENERAL ED REQ'S
"dont care how i want it now" veruca that bitch is bad
Steve Spurrier has coached South Carolina since 2005?!? I bet they have so many SEC Titles
Oh, you like Bob Dylan? I guess you would probably blow him if you could.  Don't deny it
Go ahead shut down megaupload where will we get free files now?
You bought a used bike from a crust punk on craig's list? you must know everything about fixed-gear cycling.
Oh, You pressed the button 5 times? That should get the elevator here quicker.
Look at all the fuck I give
Oh, you made a condescending wonka? You must be so much smarter and better than the stereotype youre critiquing
So you have a masters in philosophy from nyu? tell me more while you're cooking my burger
Oh, you're a democrat from ucsc? You must be an expert on politics.
you ever have sex with a black man? i have
oh thoes shorts again? dat ass.
Oh, You have "senioritis"? Starbucks has a great benefits package.
Somebody tore your book? Oh the horrors of religious persecution
oh, so you like meme AND that new song by Gotye? Your so unique and in the know
Oh, You wear vans? You must be really good at skateboarding!
Oh, you want me to jungle skarner? GG.
So, you smoked so much weed you got a headache? That's so cute. No really, how adorable.
Oh, You just graduated kcl? i hear they're hiring at McDonalds...
Oh, you wear leggings every day? You must work out a lot
Oh, so you've passed LDAC? We should just give you your ranger tab now.
cheeky grin   gess what i'm thinking
asi que eres filantropo? dime que se siente ya no acordarte de japon cuando hace un ano escribias "pray for japan"?
Oh, You're a Humanities Major? That must be so hard
You fuck strange men for money? so brave.
You're making memes? You must be new here
oh, you play acoustic guitar? i bet music is your life.
your lips say no But, your eyes say yes
Oh, your facebook profile picture is trollface? You must know everything about the internet.
Good morning sunshine the earth says hello 
Oh, You go to U of M? You must know everything.
Oh, you came in as a junior because of ap credits? you must feel so special
Oh, you're a party pooper? You must poop at many parties
Oh you're a 16 year old girl with a fake tan that wears a pound of face make-up? Please tell me how fake everyone is...
Oh you're majoring in pharmacology? You'll be a pharmacist in no ti- fuck you.
Oh, you make fun of people wearing North Face jackets? You must be so much more real than they are
oh, you're taking 3 ap classes? wow, you're life must be terrible!
Come with me and you'll be in a world of anal penetration
Oh, you know know memes? Please, tell me more because this is my first time on the internet
Oh, squatting ruins your knees? Please tell me how you learned to walk.
Oh, you're afraid gays try to convert people to their own sexual orientation? What kind of horrible people would do that?
scratch that reverse it
Oompa loompa shut the fuck up
Oh, you have a a7x deathbat tattoo? Whats it like to be hardcore?
Oh so you say u down for whatever? you aint bout that life
you know charlie i have a room full of niggers for us to kill
i gave that bitch chocolate bitches love chocolate
You told her how you really feel? That must've gone well
Oh, you read memes online? You must have a great grasp of sarcasm.
Oh, you're a Political Science Major? Hmmm..
Rick Santorum thinks gay rights activists are bullying him? I bet he gets bullied all the time.
Oh, you're 17 and a party slut? Your parents must be so proud.
your parents bought you an iphone,a macbook,and a car?and they're paying for your school? please,tell me how hard your life is.
You just graduated and can't find a job? I'd pay to see you naked... wait did I just say that out loud
As a jewish american, you feel persecuted? That must be awful
my my that sure is a nice goatee I bet the ladies love that
oh, you think freedom is slavery? you must watch the news every day
You watch playoff hockey? Please, tell me how big of a hockey fan are you
the inspiration for the wonka bar is the one in my pants
Oh, someone mentioned Monty Python and the Holy Grail? Please remind me how the entire movie goes.
Oh, it's your first rage comic? Well then we certainly won't downvote you to oblivion
hey look at me, i'm zach fuck you
oh, you wrote on the napkin board? you must be really important
For the best redneck KKK white boy we know we love you <3 we wish you a happy christmas,kwanza,honeka, and a shitty new year cuz no1 likes a new year unless your year was shitty then ya but ya you go celebrate your kkk holiday
i get down on mw3  but those are nice titys
Oh, you're taking a tbreak please carry on about how one bowl gets you to a [7]
Oh so you go to Ottawa U? tell me more about how much better you are than Carleton
Dre Beats? Tell me more about their superior sound quality.
Oh, You finally got an ls1? Your penis must be huge now.
You say my ex girlfriend is crazy? Know fucking shit
you went to dli, huh? must help you fix people's bah problems.
You drive a diesel truck that blows black smoke out of it? Your penis must be enormous.
Oh, so you're a dorm counselor at BJU and you're 25. You must be far more qualified to help people with issues then a psychologist.
Oh, you visited /r/atheism and renounced your faith? Crudely drawn comics can be so convincinc
heh, your lolcat pic is so funny reminds me of 2003 
Your class had a heavy discussion about the difficulties of creative writing? Please tell me more
No fap february... how did that go for you?
Oh, you're an atheist? why don't you shut the fuck up about it
Oh, You live in Lucky You must be really cool.
You don't contribute? Please go on about how you have the right to judge.
so you use 4chan? you must know the internet
Oh, you have a degree in woman's studies? Maybe you can tell me more about it after you refill my drink.
HAHAHA K-pop sucks
Oh, You're tripping on acid? please, tell me how narrowly i perceive the universe
Oh, you made it on the rowing team? I'm proud of you
Oh, You're a brown rapper from Brampton? thats really original
That's fascinating  Please explain
When an old man looks at you like this it means only one thing... He knows you're too young...
Oh, so you post about KONY? Please tell me more about how You've always showed concern for third world conflicts.
Oh, you saw Romper Stomper? You must know everything about skinheads
Moving Van on the first date? you must be furry.
Oh, You just graduated? Much too old for me, but I'll take that coffee.
Oh, you just turned 18? I guess old pedophile Wonka just turned into a consenting adult
Oh you like dubstep?  You must know all about good music
Stop putting words in my mouth on Facebook 
ASI QUE ERES DE LA FAMURP DIME QUE SE SIENTE IR AL KIOSKO DE BIOLOGIA A COMPRAR, YA QUE EN TU FACU NO HAY
OH, ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU WHITE CUNT
Oh, you're blasting Disturbed's down with the sickness? You must be so metal.
oh, So you're telling me Bands a make her dance
Good Facebook Friend Finds special pictures for each persons birthday
Oh, you wear under armour everywhere on campus? You must be so athletic.
Oh, You're an upper level psychology major?  Tell me, on how many waitlists are you? 
Playing with my Oompa Loompas Is a charming innuendo don't you think?
you deleted your Facebook? you must feel so liberated
So you have sleeve tattoos, a handle-bar moustache and a bald head? Thats such a new look for the American penal system.
Oh, so you just spammed force until I got hit by a boulder? I bet all the kids want to play with you
Oh, You-- shut the fuck up. i hate this meme.
Really, you've been working out? Why don't you post a bunch of pictures on facebook flexing? 
Oh, You're going back to school from break? Must be terrible
You think Skrillex is shit? What a refreshing opinion you have.
Oh, you're whining about a game? Please continue to rage over something that is ultimately meaningless.
Close the Door I'll show YOU my fudge packing unit
Oh, you're going to Common Grounds? You must be really deep and trendy.
So you commented that its easier to install and update each individual mod in Tekkit on the Tekkit Wiki?  I'm sure everybody is agreeing with you. 
you have to do a paper for your final grade? That must be hell
is claire goodill home? no? i'll ask again in 3 minutes.
Oh, you're celebrating St. Patricks day? Please, tell me all about your rich Irish heritage.
Oh, you're on a diet? That must be awful
You knew a girl that had sex with a famous actor in LA? How unique
Oh, you're an atheist on reddit? You must know how the universe works with 100% certainty
You drive 40 miles an hour through campus ignoring crosswalks? You must be one of those professional street racers.
Oh, my bracket sucks? please tell me about all the perfect brackets you've made
Oh you think christopher mccandless was an idiot Tell me again how you lived out your dream Caption 3 goes here
As a Christian American, you feel persecuted? You are, by other Christian Americans.
Oh, you worked in retail before? Please regale me with your infinite knowledge...
Oh, You have a question for a speaker? Don't worry about being concise or making sense.
Oh, You shared the Kony video on facebook? you must be quite the activist
You're dropping out of high school because Dave Grohl did it? I'm sure you'll be just as successful.
Aww Yeah... Touch Daddy's dick.
Oh, so Virginia got all the calls? Please tell me more about how ACC refs screw Carolina schools. 
The umpa loompas? I've branched out into midget porn and they are just the golden ticket!
You spend all day writing parking tickets? Your experience in law enforcement must be unrivaled.
Oh, You're Pre-Med? You must be the only type of person relevant in society
Oh, You're Reading the Hunger Games? You must know everything about modern literature.
Oh, you're undefeated in beer pong? You must be such a good athlete. 
YOU MUST BE  FLAITE
the oompaloompas don't run from my wangdoodle
You have a degree in theology?  Thats nice, 2 sugars please
Oh you have a recording  Arts degree from Full Sail? I'll take the number 3 super size the fries please.
Oh, you're from the bay area? You must be hella cool
Oh, You're from the south? I bet you're patriotic and love jesus.
Oh, you're from Winnipeg? Please tell me more about the Southern man
You're from cincinnati You must know everything about chili
Oh, you spent your  day productively? Please, tell me all about it.
Oh, You banned bottled water? You must know everything about how to raise tuition.
really? that's fucking fascinating! please, tell me more.
Denim shirt and chinos  Oh my aren't we inventive ?
Oh, you post uplifting quotes on facebook?  you must be so much wiser than the rest of us.
So, you like Ron Paul? you must be a pothead
OH, you're matt hardegger? you must know everything
All you need is faith? Well good luck surviving without any science.
So Wayne Only offers your class from 6-9 pm Which way do you walk all alone...
I baked that bitch a banana cream pie bitches love creampies. 
Oh, you got ganked by the other faction again? Yes, I'm sure it was another "12 year old f@* n00b!!1!"
Ah, you wear yoga pants? you must have a great core
Oh, you can't return the favor because my vagina stubble scratches your face? Please, continue to explain to me how I have no idea how irritating that is. 
You have a 401k you must know everything about finance
Oh, Hello There 
I gave That bitch some snozzberries Bitiches love snozzberries 
oh you hate my little pony? Please, enlighten me with your profound reasoning
Oh you beat a teenage girl in an argument on Facebook? you atheists are so mature and enlightened
The suspense is terrible I hope it'll last
Oh, you know all the words to "Dont Stop Believin'?" You must be the coolest person at the bar.
Atheists Are being mean to Christians on Reddit? Ever hear of the Crusades?
You're looking for a relationship on Christian Mingle? You must certainly not like having sex.
Oh, you made a meme with the Willy Wonka background ? Your facebook "friends" must think you're so cool and funny now
I got 98 Wonka bars Because a bitch ate one 
Oh, you go to the rec center? you must be so strong.
Oh, You have boobs? Please show them to me.
Oh, there wasn't a zip line on your cruise ship? Your winter break was the worst
So I heard You were looking for a toilet slave
Oh, you use the PP90M1? You must be an excellent player
Oh, You're an actuarial science major? You must know everything about math
so you went on birthright? That is fascinating!
 So you wanna be a gangster
You wanna fight me, huh? You must be tired of living!
Stop being mean to you? Touch my peepee and i'll consider it
you say your still in high school? please go on about how you think you know what college will be like 
Oh, You made an insulting meme to get back at me? tell me about how clever you feel?
Oh, you "expect this post to be down voted"? Tell me more of your heroic deeds o' dark knight of reddit
oh that's interesting. just kidding, fuck you.
Oh, You're studying for the MCAT? Please tell me about how hard it is.
Oh, you found a misused meme Please tell me more about your legendary life on the internet
oh, you're gene wilder? sorry your face is now forever linked with snide condescension
Oh you're concerned about North Korea's latest threat? They're probably serious this time, huh?
My meme isn't as funny without Sexual innuendo
Oh, so you're a white girl who calls herself "thick"? You must be painfully trying to avoid using the word fat.
You wear thick rimmed glasses and like comics? wow. you must be such a nerd.
Oh,  you drive 50 in a 35? You must be a street racer by night. 
Butt chin, crusty lips and a ratatouille face? Tell me more how you get girls on facebook.
Oh, You just discovered memes? Have you heard of lolcats yet?
Support world peace after watching Kony 2012? Tell me about problems in Syria, Libya, Egypt and Congo...
Oh, so you're a professional meme designer? Please tell me everything you know about crafting the perfect meme.
Oh, you're a recent college graduate? I can't wait to hear about your GPA and club involvement
Oh, I couldn't help but notice that you're wearing sperrys? You must do a lot of sailing.
Oh. You wear your collar up on your polo shirt? You must be a right cunt.
Con que vas a estudiar psicologia Vamos, dime que se siente saber que no tendras trabajo?
Oh, so you're an engineer? You must know everything.
 You must be bulking
Oh, you play intramural sports? Please, tell me how many scouts came to watch you.
Oh, women won't date you because you're 'too nice'? Please, use 'bitch' a few more times to illustrate your point.
Oh, You're a Satanist The 8th grade must be so hard this year...
Oh, you miss porn? Please, tell me all about how much this affects you and only you.
little surprises around every corner but nothing dangerous
You don't netdeck? You must be so good at Magic
Oh, You use stumbleupon? Tell me about all of the original things you've found. 
Oh, this meme is called "creepy wonka" not "condescending wonka"? redditors probably cant find condescending fox
Oh, you have an intramural champions t-shirt? You must be So athletic
Oh, You were drunk last night? Please talk loud enough so that the entire class can hear how awesome you are
Oh, your waffle fell apart in the waffle maker? You must be new here. 
jedward on the toy show ill just watch this paint dry instead
Oh, You're a meme expert You must tell me all the rules
Oh, you drive a Mitsubishi Evo You must compete in a lot of desert rally races.
Use this font? you must me new here.
Oh, you're an atheist Please, continue telling me why my religion is a waste of time
you know  i still cant find a fuck to give
Oh, You don't care about being alone on valentines You must be brave and independent
Oh, You watched SaintVicious' livestream? You must know everything about Mundo jungling
Oh, you race with a honda civic?  You must be the greatest racer alive. 
Are you the most hated group in America? Have you tried not being an asshole
Oh, your college has a meme facebook page? WHAT A LIBERATING, NON-CONFORMIST INSTITUTION THAT MUST BE
Oh, you go to FIU? Please tell me all about how you perfected swag
TELL NEIL BANSAL THAT I MISS HIM.
Oh, you go to Tufts? Please tell me your ideas to save the world
Oh, You chose TU over WVU? You're degree must actually mean something
Plague Rider solo mid? BANNED
Go to chocolate factory Meet pedo's
Oh, your hyper religious? Please, enlighten me on the worlds problems
Someone upvoted your meme? you must be super funny
Tapout T-Shirt and Window Decal You must be sponsored?
Oh, You correct people's spelling and grammar on Facebook? Oh my. Your intelligence is actually frightening.
Bitch, please! It's not RACHMANINOFF... It's Mozart
You could always suck on my everlasting gobstopper
Gay Sex? A little bumming now and then, is cherished by the gayest men!
Oh, so you saw a leprechaun? Could be a crackhead!
Oh,you wear your pajamas to every class You must feel so innovative and cool
Nothin' i love more Than sexy children eating chocolate
Oh, you go to ACES? Please tell me how your education is as good as mine. 
oh you're a 90s kid? please prove it to me by naming every tv show from the decade followed by a meaningless debate about the secret world of alex mack
So do you wanna play the rape game?? No??? That's the spirit.
Welcome to the internet You must be new
Oh, You felt sadness for a day? You must know everything about depression.
Oh, you had to spend one saturday night alone Must be awful
Your fled from Iraq when you were 3? You must know all about the war.
Oh, you posted a flashing psychedelic gif? You must know so much about hallucinogens
There's starving kids in Africa? Let me ship them my half-eaten food.
Oh, you have holes in your jeans You must be sporty and adventorous
a desi that can't handle spicy food? you must be new here...
Oh, you're making a duck Face You must think you're pretty
Oh, you're in a Sorority? Give me a blowjob.
Oh, just letting me know your birthday is next week? just letting you know i'm not getting you anything.
Oh, So you installed photoshop on your computer? You must be a graphic designer
"omg did that hurt???" oh you're so precious
why do i hire midgets, you ask? simple: so they don't need to get on their knees...
Oh, you didn't like the Mass Effect 3 ending? You should probably write a nerd rage post about it, since no one has done that yet.
Oh, You Like Marina and The Diamonds? What other song do you know besides Primadonna?
Oh, You're so stressed over finals? How'd that all nighter in the library go?
Oh, you watched all the Harry Potter movies? You must know everything there is about British culture and talk with a perfect British accent
Ha, hee, ha, gee that's kinda funny Downvote
Oh, you took 4 shooters at Schydes in a row? You must be the biggest drinker
BRAIN EATING ZOMBIES CHEWING ON PEOPLE'S FACES IN MIAMI? I WOULDN'T WORRY, I'M SURE YOU'RE PERFECTLY SAFE.
nonsense my boy, reach into my pocket and I'll show you a real golden ticket.
Oh, you found a witty meme? You must know the whole internet.
Really? Your favorite part of this song is the bridge? You're so different from everyone else.
oh so you like hershey bars? last time someone told me that they went missing
 You must be so much fun at parties
you hate dubstep? your taste in music must be so sophisticated
Oh, you've seen  'an idiot abroad'?  Please tell me how worldly you are
So you like fizzy lifting drinks? try drinking this...
What time is it? It's rape time.
Oh, you're an assistant manager now? that's adorable
Oh you wear Sperry's? You must love owning a boat
Oh, You play mw3? You must know everything about video games
mmm  shawty got a nice ass 
Ya know Disneyland is open until midnight today? I bet your quiz tomorrow will go wonderfully.
Start wearing purple? Willy Wonka thinks that's a Grand idea!
Your parents haven't been letting you do whatever you want the past week? That must be tough
You're a baby boomer? Please shut the fuck up about everything forever
Oh, so you're taking psychology 101 Please tell me what's wrong with me
oh, so you know how to craft a wonka meme? Please tell us more about how non-formulaic it truly is.
Oh, You're not watching the Super Bowl?  Please tweet about it so we all know how cool you are. 
Oh, You have a Nikon You must be a professional photographer. 
 You must be old  here.
Memes for your school come up in your newsfeed? You must know everything about making memes
You just made a meme about bad memes? You must be so original
Oh, You sit at home & make disney memes? You must be so cool.
Oh, you're a non-major photographer? that's so cute
The Mythbusters are refuting creationism? that will teach them
Oh, you just scored a lousy goal in FIFA12? Please, show me every possible replay of this feat of yours!
So you're a linguist? how many languages do you speak?
You make $16,000 a year, are on gov't provided healthcare, housing and use food stamps? Please tell me more about how much you love small gov't and hate obama's socialism
Oh, you drive a big truck? Your penis must be gigantic
Oh, you're a hacker? i'm shitting myself
oh,you have a psychology degree? i'll take that with two sugars
Oh, You Have Legitimate Things To Complain About? At Least You Get Karma For it.
you think that people actually get mad over memes? you must be new
Oh I see you are wearing a scarf and put your fist in the air... You must be SWP!
Oh, your addicted to pintrest? Please tell me about how much time you spend on the internet
You have an iphone 5? Please tell me more about how you waste money on the exact same shit you all ready own.  
aww you're Butthurt Would you like some preparation H?
Oh, you're a liberal atheist on Reddit? You must run into so many diverse viewpoints there
Sup girl!? Wanna get pregnant?
so you say you haven't seen emperor's new groove? i bet your favorite disney movie is the lion king huh?
A chocolate penis that ejaculates money? why would you swallow money?
Oh, You go to Penn State? You must fuck children
You made a big titted realistic derpina? You must be a very inovative person.
christianity has a 50/50 chance of getting you to heaven? Oh, you must be a statistician.
Why the fuck did you make me talk about big black dick?
oh, how clever you made an observation about people getting old
oh, you have occasionally have to walk up a hill on campus?  try having three campuses in two cities. 
Oh, Your studying medicine see you in 10 years
Oh, You're an 18 year old liberal?  Please share your political wisdom 
Oh, you wear cargo shorts? You must have a lot of important things to carry
Oh,you stole something months old from Reddit and posted it on Facebook? You're hilarious.
Charlie my dear boy, Have you ever seen a grown man naked?
Oh, you can quote lyrics to rap songs? You must be so witty
The suspense is terrible I hope it will last
Oh, you have visible abs and 14 inch biceps? Your max lifts must be so impressive
Don't worry Shawn.... ....your co-workers don't understand that butt dialing is really an art and is also a lot of fun!!
YOU LOST YOUR VIRGINITY TO THE OOMPA LOOMPAS YOU LOSE, GOOD DAY SIR
Oh, you got friend zoned? Please tell r/adviceanimals all about your love life
Oh, you have gauges, tattoos, piercings, tight jeans and a band shirt? You must be right.
You put a loud muffler on your Honda Civic Wow, It must be so fast
Oh, Asi que andas con mi ex ! Dime, que se siente que hable tanto de mi?.
You're an amazing Unix Sysadmin Show me more of the Linux shell on your Microsoft Ubuntu box
Oh, you have tattoos? You must be one badass motherfucker.
Oh, You go to UMD? You must meet such diverse people.
George your application for oompa loompa has been accepted 
Aw your feeling sick? Well I don't really give a fuck
Oh, You just made a meme? You must be a comedian.
have you ever had sex.. ..with an oompa loompa?
OH YOU FANCY, HUH? Nails done, hair done everything did.
Oh, You just came out as an atheist? Bitch, please...
Freshman Bible major? oh please do enlighten me with your vast knowledge 
asi que escuchas manuel garcia y a chinoy dime que se siente estar tan a la moda
Oh, you don't like mondays? please, post about it every week on facebook.
Oh, You just went to Chuck E Cheese? Your step-dad must love you.
You started your freshman year with 12 credit hours? that's some achievement, all right 
Billy crystal bashed the GOP presidential field while hosting the Oscars?   Oh, that is so original and daring of you
Oh, You're a baby boomer with life experience? Please, tell me how young people are ruining everything.
Nursing major? Sure, I would love to hear you complain 24/7
Oh, the two party system? Your vote must really count.
"I wish he would ask me out... I love his cute smile. OMG he's so good looking." - Girl Yes, please tell me more about this guy.
You have 6 nephews and nieces? Please give me more parenting advice.
oh you're the person that makes memes that make fun of actual humanist  causes... but memes existed before 2012, how could you care?
oh you drive a V8... you must have the fastest car ever
Oh, you just got dumped?  Please post more "somebody that I used to know" lyrics.
You go to Higherground to pick up girls? You must be quite the ladies man.
Wow, you're proud to be Irish on a day dedicated to getting shit-faced? I wish I could celebrate a holiday that continued to stereotype my heritage.
Oh, you're not a liberal atheist on reddit? You must know how to solve the world's problems
So you watch law and order  tell me more about the penal code
The Superbowl is today? Tell me again how you have always liked the giants and never said anything until now
Oh, your name is Elias Loucagos? Please tell me all about all the all-nighters you have to pull.  
Oh, You just donated to the ic? You must know exactly where your money is going
you've won the prize! now let me show you my penis
America is the greatest nation on earth you say? Tell me about the other 200 countries you visited
your high school exams are difficult? TRY COLLEGE. 
oh, so you're in a sorority? tell me what your sisters are like
Oh, Your parents are too nice to you? Tell me how hard that is to deal with.
Oh, You run a chocolate factory? yeah... have those TPS reports on Warren Buffett's desk by 3pm
Oh, your rich parents got you into and pay for your prestigious education? Please tell me more about how accomplished you are.
Oh, so you aren't going to second year Dinner series? Tell me about all the important things you'll be doing from 6 to 8 on Wednesday 
You had to grade 20 college freshman essays? That must've taken forever.
 So Annies boobs aren't meme virgins anymore?
Traduci in italiano da 9gag  te ne prego, ricordami quanto sei originale e intelligente
Hey little girl.. WANT TO TASTE MY BLOWPOP?
Posting to r/gonewild? I'M SURE IT'S YOUR (F)IRST TIME
Clark Desert Boots? What a fashionista
you made a wonka post to diss people that post wonka post you must be so much better than them
Oh, so you have somewhere to go by 3 do you?  Take the Dr. Wilk's bag and run him around the course
Oh, you cheer for the team that won? You must be an expert on the sport
Oh, you're a marketing major? Your classes must be so hard. 
Oh, you told someone you don't give a fuck? Please tell me more about how badass you are
Oh, Your favorite characters were killed off? Tell me all about how you won't watch the show now
I gave that bitch some candy Bitches love my candy
Oh, you have school tomorrow? Your life must be awful.
19 year old mormon missionary? No, go on, explain to me how the world works
Oh, you're wearing uggs and leggings when it's below freezing? Has binge drinking at 'scoes every weekend numbed your sensory nerves or do you really think you look good?
Oh, you got in the InstantDaily? You must be so famous.
so you say Squirting is mostly urine? You must be new here
Johnny depp? how flattering
Oh, You have to go back to work after three weeks off? That must be hard.
Oh, You're in highschool? Please, tell me all about true love.
Im Running for Student Senate I'll add you to my facebook group even if I don't know you
Yes Salesman, please continue I am very interested in your extensive engineering knowledge
Oh, you don't like valentines day? Please, tell me more about why you like  having no one to love
Oh, you hate the business school? Please tell me how much better your major is.
Oh, you drive a 1996 pimped out dodge ram? you must win all the races on eisenhower 
Oh, You like the song paradise? You must be such a big Coldplay fan.
You can make grammatically incorrect grammar jokes?  You must be so clever
Oh, You play Paintball? You must know how to fight in a war
Oh, You like mike n ikes? Where yo boyfriend at?
Oh, You have 2000 friends on facebook? You must be a well rounded individual
Oh, You're deleting me from facebook? gooby pls
Oh, GUN CONTROL DOESN'T Work ? Please tell me more about why the US Murder rate is 4 times ours
Oh, You're an engineering major? I bet that helps with being a high horsed prick on the internet.
Pre-med? You must be a rare breed.
facebook status about kony? you must know exactly where uganda is located on a map
I promise my schnozberries taste like schnozberries
ya know, charlie... there's a place that i put bad eggs like you
If the good Lord wanted you to walk He wouldn't have invented roller skates
Oh, you're a professor and moodle is too difficult to use? I'm sure your hundreds of students don't mind
oh, so you work at jimmy john's? you must smoke a lot of pot
izaya orihara is a troll? oh, welcome to the fandom
Oh, you're from Minnesota? Tell me what a magical place it is.
What Kinda Candy is in my van ? hard candy
As a german you feel judged by stereotypes? I'll just park my polar bear over here
You like the beatles? you must feel so out of touch with today's music.
So, you like cracking Horatio Caine jokes? Your repertoire of sunglasses must be so vast. 
HOW'S THAT DICK FLAVORED WALL PAPER? YOU'RE LICKING DICK FLAVORED WALL PAPER, HOW DOES IT TASTE?
Nice Tapout shirt I'll bet you've kicked so many asses.
Oh, You're a flight paramedic? You must know everything.
you have a art degree? mcdonalds or burger king?
Oh, You just got Beats by dr. dre You must be an educated consumer
God i love to suck massive cock....... & This Candy Factory will surely be a big hit with all the school boys!
Oh, you're a freshman studying for finals? It must be so hard for you to focus.
I think about Will's tiny penis  every day
OH YOU USE CREATINE? YOU MUST BE AN EXCELLENT FIGHTER.
You're from Texas? You must think so highly of yourself.
Oh, so you live in Southeast Minnesota? Please tell me more about how your parent works at the Mayo Clinic.
Oh sometimes you get a good feeling? Have you never ever ever ever had it before?
Yoh, so you don't like instagram on android tell me again how that is affecting your photographer career 
Oh, you are worrying about "jamaican girls exposed"? You must be such a good girl
Oh, your work is often misrepresented? You poor thing
Oh, You like Bob Marley? Please, tell me all about your extensive musical knowledge.
Oh, you drive a lifted truck? Sorry to hear about your penis
unless you lick the lollipop you get nothing
Oh, you wear retro jordans? You must be really good at basketball
You bought a guy fawkes mask from hot topic? you must be legion.
Oh you like to play pokemon and listen to skrillex you must be such a nerd.
 
You think i'm creepy wonka? you must be new here
You bought season hockey tickets? You must know everything about hockey
4 star General Gordon Sullivan was a private at Norwich Tell me I know nothing about leadership because I'm a private in the Corps of Cadets
So you mean it'll be summer soon... How very charming!
Oh, so you're Emo? Please do tell the rest of us emotionless drones about how you have feelings.
Your parents are religious and you're an atheist? you must be such a free thinker
Oh, you're Puerto Rican? You should hang a flag on your rearview mirror to inform fellow motorists of your nationality
did you fall from heaven? because your face is fucked up 
Oh, you ride a fixed gear? Please tell me everything about it.
MCS degree You must have worked so hard
song lyric Facebook status? you're so deep
oh, You like to yell "run forrest run"? Please tell me more about how creative you are
Tell us about your problems We care so much
 you must be new
Yo Girl! Show me where you pee from.
Oh, you have something snotty to say, S2Phil? Remind me: what company does your name represent, again?
Hey Charlie... Have I shown you how to pack fudge yet?
talk to someone on facebook just use winky faces ;)
Oh, you're a music therapist? thank you for curing my lymphoma with john denver songs
Asi que odias que mis fotos diciendo babosadas aparezcan en tu facebook? Cuentame, que se siente que tus fotos diciendo babosadas  le aparezcan a todos en SU facebook?
Oh, so you're a music major? Please keep telling me how my major can't possibly be as hard as yours.
Oh, You're an Atheist?  You must know everything.
oh so you found no involvement of Iran in Bahrain's Protests? Please US Admin, keep reminding us every month because we care about that so much
Oh, You're Atheist? Please tell me everything i need to know about my religion
you're finally done with exams and starting winter break? How nice for you
Oh, so you're the CEO of an innovative media arts college ? Why don't you email a list of all your accomplishments
Oh, you wear moccasins? You must be really down to earth.
Oh, you take close up pictures of nature you must be a great photographer 
How cute You still haven't figured out how to tip the can
Oh, you went to Everest college, really?  i'll have combo number 2
That's a Billy Madison answer. We're all dumber for having heard it.
You are an expert in Visual Basic six ? You must be a very serious programmer
oh con que te disen lechuga pues chupame la verga pss :$ 
Please, tell me more... about all the April Fools jokes you're not sure of
Oh, you made another meme about ethnic stereotypes? You must be very clever and original.
Android is better than the iPhone? Please tell me.....HOW!?
asi que eres metalera dime que se siente se gorda y tener qeu refugiarte en la musica
Wait... what happened to the female oompa loompas?!?
Oh, You have an exam? You must be studying hard.
You feel judged by stereotypes on the internet? That must be awful
Oh, so you don't approve of the human race? WE've been trying to contact you for years. How is outer space?
Oh, ok you going to lock haven football game  You must not know they loose every game 
Hai la maglietta con scritto "Stasera faccio la brava"? Sei davvero una ragazza originale
Oh, that's not funny? Please, regale me with your theory of absolute humor
Oh, so you think the utah jazz are nba contenders? You must know something i don't. 
Oh, You're an 18 year old conservative?  Please share your political wisdom.
Oh, you saw memes on 9gag Tell me how they work
If my Top Hat and Purple Coat doesn't attract you... My stunning good looks will
*looks at girl's crotch* You gonna eat that?
You won a game of Words With Friends You must be a genius.
Oh, you watch anime? You must know everything about Japan
I just got downvoted? That just ruined my day.
hey get back to the factory
Gingers have souls you say? That's nice
Have you ever tried rubbing Veruca Salt into your japs eye?
Chocolate river? That's water from Africa
Oh, you're 16 and have had 16 girlfriends in the past three years? You must know a lot about women
Oh, you post lyrics from a song on facebook? You must really be a unique person
the Asian guy next to you is watching America's Next Top Model episodes on his laptop?? That must have been terrible.
You know, Charlie Oompa Loompas aren't small everywhere.
You're a liberal on reddit? Please, tell me more about your unique opinion
You greet other 4 degrees? you're so creative
"Vegetarian is an old Indian word for bad hunter" Please tell me more about your mad hunting skills
Oh you made it to the front page on reddit Tell me how it feels to be famous
Is that an Under Armour Sweatshirt you're wearing? You must be so athletic
Oh, You got a Misfit tattoo? You must be so punk
Dubstep is your favorite genre of music? You must be so intelligent. 
So you're asking reddit what to do for your 21st birthday? Please, take pictures of this very social, special day.
You say Fantasy Football is just like Dungeons and Dragons? You must be superior to all those other people.
Oh, your getting a to-go container at the rush? You must have so many friends.
Oh, you un-friended me on facebook? You must be proud of yourself.
Oh, You diagnosed yourself with EDS? It must be great to have an excuse to do nothing all day
oh you saw saving private Ryan you must know everything about WWII
Oh, you like fried chicken? You must be a nigger.
You're two weeks into Intro to IR? Please keep rambing about the Peloponnesian War in a Chinese history class
The greatest arcades in the country are an hour away? That must be awful. 
You only listen to dubstep? You must be so underground.
Oh, Jefferson is the better quarterback? You must have really liked Bobby Boucher.
 YOU must be  retarded
Oh, I see you're carrying a camera and a tripod, You must be the guy who likes trains. 
Oh, you play with a Kendama? Your parents must be proud.
You're in highschool and dating? you must be so in love
Oh, you're judging my relationship? I'm sure yours must be amazing.
Oh, its your birthday? well fuck-a-doodle-doo
"I'm bisexual but i'd never kiss a girl. eww!" Obviously.
Im smiling BECAUSE YOU I won you these midget niggers!
Oh, You're in the Honors college? you must be so intelligent.
Oh, you listen to Childish Gambino? Tell me how you are so much smarter now compared to before
Oh, You're a communist at a $45,000 school? Please, tell me all about social equality and the struggle of the working class
Asi que eres Licenciado? Dame dos de bisteck para llevar, y no le pongas cebolla.
Oh,you're a redditor? You must know all the funny jokes
Oh You were  born in the 90's? I bet you know everything about life before the internet.
Oh, you wear Northface? You must be such an adventurer.
oh hello mitt, i see you're having a 'relief event' at the most important swing state of the election. tell me more about your "suspended campaign".
Oh you're an old fat librarian who looks like a man? Please, continue acting better than me.
Oh, You work at best buy. You must know everything about  appliances, cars, stereos, computers, TV's, and video games. 
Oh, You just graduated from humanities employers must be lining up to hire you
Oh you just watched that 30 minute video? You must be a real social activist.
Oh, you say niglet? Tell me how hip and urban you are
Oh, you listen to lil wayne and drake? You must know everything about rap music.
oh you're going "ham"? i'm going cheese, on my number 1 with fries
  They think they have a good union, but they don't.
You post memes to baylor memes? reddit must've been too hard
Your 8am class is all the way over in Morgan Hall? I can't imagine how tough your life must be.
You bought a piece for the first time? Oh, that's very interesting
You got a 96% instead of 100%? Life must just be so difficult for you
Oh, You play TF2? I hope your a heavy weapons guy expert.
Oh, so it says in the bible gay marriage is a sin? Wonderful, now show me where it says it's a sin to let others do it.
Oh, You like 'Blackout' You must be the biggest Breathe Carolina Fan ever
Welcome To My Thread I hope you like my upvotes. I know you will. 
do you have something to complain about, mccartney? please, we'd all love to hear about it.
Oh, so it's your birthday? You must feel so special.
So, you're not a music major? Then get out of whalen. now.
 You must be new here.
Oh, you like the movie caddyshack? please quote every scene for the movie for me again
Oh you smoke weed? You must be such a great intellectual 
 Oh you take pictures of your food and put them on facebook You must be quite the chef 
So, You Didn't Like the new periphery video, huh? How's that commission job at guitar center working out for you
Oh, You dislike skrillex? What exquisite musical tastes you have
Liberal Arts major? Your schedule must be excruciating.
Oh, you're acing your freshmen classes? Please, tell me more about your GPA. 
Oh, so the last time we spoke was last year? You are so funny.
The amount of weight you're actually going to lose this year is the same as the amount of fucks I give about your status
Your child is an honor student? Then maybe they know how to use a fucking turn signal.
You wear a CitySports shirt? You must be so athletic.
Make meme about other people posting controversial memes on Facebook Tell me more about irony.
YOU THINK MCKAYLA MARONEY IS HOT? SIT DOWN OVER THERE AND TELL CHRIS HANSON ABOUT IT
You complain about r/atheism? YOu must be so brave
Oh, you've been raving for six months? Tell me all about how much the scene has changed.
Oh, you posted your opinion on saying 'happy holidays' or 'merry christmas'? So glad to hear your stance on the issue
Oh, You wear yoga pants? You must have a huge ass.
Wish i could claim chart claimed chart since no one cares
Oh, so you're studying abroad in Spain? You must have really bad jet lag.
Pays $150 a month for Crossfit cult membership Complains about moving boxes
Oh, you're an atheist but you're not a condescending asshole? Thanks for that condescending remark, asshole. 
Oh, you wear cowboy boots? you must be a KA
Mad at imgur's poor performance? I bet your gigantic, free image hosting service has no downtime and infinite capacity, huh?
IF YOUR NAME IS DUSTY SHE WANTS THE D!! 
You think Obama is liberal? How cute
Votaste PS ou PSD durante a tua vida toda? sim, conta como vamos sair da crise!
Oh, You used capital letters You must be mad
oh you're an atheist, who posts on /r/atheism? please, do continue telling me how annoying it is when people are all in-your-face about their religion.
Oh, this is your first time away from home? Please continue to enlighten me with your diverse life experience
Please tell us about how Something on reddit wasted your time
OH, a tapout shirt do those big muscles will keep you warm when you dont get in?
Oh, You just bought a super awesome hookah with your dad's money? I'm sure everyone at school will like you now
r/atheism? no thanks, i already browse r/circlejerk
Oh, you're rich? Tell me more about why capitalism is best for everyone.
Oh, you posted something on GCSU memes? You must be scathingly witty...
You wear DGK SHIRTS WITH tube SOCKS, SLIDES, AND CARGO SHORTS?  TELL ME ALL ABOUT how much of a badass you are
you love smoking weed, you say? how exciting.
Oh, You're a young attractive female. Please tell me how hard life is for you.
Oh, You work on Wall St Huh? Would you like an everlasting gobstopper?
Penis penis penis penis? Penis penis, penis penis penis.
Cool story bro. **Nobody loves you**
You're doing Psych and sociology? sounds challenging
You go to Uark AND you're a Razorback fan?  It must be so hard to be humble. 
Oh, you wear cowgirl boots? you must ride so many horses.
you hate UNC? your my new best friend.
Monsanto makes bad products that destroy the earth? I'm sure your seeds are sooo Roundup Ready
Oh, you're a science major? Please fucking tell me what a failure you think I am.
I'm patronising Do you know what that means?
Oh, someone just picked up your share of the loot? That must be so frustrating.
You think there's no evidence to know the speed of light? How scientific of you...
Your mother is crazy? Please, continue to enlighten us as to how you're different.
You didn't know what cannabis is? Cute.
OH, I POST TOO MANY PICTURES OF MY CAR? TELL ME MOAR ABOUT HOW YOUR LUNCH IS MUCH MOAR INTERESTING
Oh, you go on reddit? please, steal more of their jokes
Bow-chicka-wow-wow oops, did i say that out loud?
You did something in the 12-hour period that reddit was down? Please, tell us. Tell us all.
Oh, You took you first philosophy class You must know everything.
Oh, You're coming back to get your degree at 35? You must know everything.
katanya lw anak teknik sipil? terangin ke gw dong kenapa namanya teknik sipil
Oh so you say you got swag? why cause you ratchet hoe!
You're an atheist, you say? Great! I havent come across enough condescending liberals today.
you donated money to charity for upvotes? you must be such a good person.
You're a sexy Oompa Loompa
Oh, You don't like lesbians? They still get more pussy than you bruh
by all means go on to tell me about how youre an authority on "thick" girls
OH, YOU STATE PHOENIX FANS ARE CLASSLESS AND IGNORANT? PLEASE TELL ME MORE HOW YOU MUST BE A REAL KNOWLEDGEABLE CLASS-ACT WITH ALL THAT CHILDISH HECKLING.
Oh, You just graduated from fine arts? That's cool, i'll have a trio #2
you hacked your friends facebook? that must have been hard
