Post link twice double karma
poop tastes great trust me, I'm a dog
Grow old get replaced by a duck
Make advice animal Use wrong template
Post link twice double karma
befriend an anorexic eat their food
I spy something gray
Take drugs kill bear
go to reddit downvote every post in r/adviceanimals that isn't me
FEED THE HOMELESS TO OTHER HOMELESS
do your own research before you follow the duck's advice sometimes he's wrong
Start massive internet phenomenon Get ignored by everyone just a few years later
Never brag about your girl being able to deep throat Everyone will just assume you have a small penis
don't do drugs because you'll go prison, and drugs are very, very expensive in prison.
Submit a post to advice animals offer neither advice nor animals
Text the girl you like  When you're drunk
Want to repost without being downvoted? add (x-post) after it
Ignore original advice animals Make 6 variations of college freshman
Want easy karma? Post Calvin and Hobbes comic
INVENTS ADVICE ANIMALS DIES
Gets married euthanasia
Buy fleshlight piss bubbles
want into the ghetto make death threats
Clogged arteries? drink draino
drop out of school you don't really need education anyway if you know you are smart
Follow your dreams lose your teeth and show up to class naked
USE ME INSTEAD OF THAT FILTHY DUCK
search "lolita" at imagefap.com fap like crazy
Masturbating to Good Guy Greg Is not gay And he won't mind
Go on pawn stars get a good deal
Murder your son Blame it on the devil
If you want to make friends in /r/runescape ask how to make money
want more upvotes? be more funny
Going to mcdonalds for a salad is like going to a brothel for a hug
I'm mans best friend! Oh is that gate open? PEACe
Pop your zits In public
Moving in with your girlfriend? Piss on your side of the bed.  Mark your territory.
Are people tired of overused memes? Make more. They will learn to love it again
Revive dead memes you'll get karma
Smoke drugs Fit in
It's my birthday Feed me chocolate
Moving your arms and legs will only make you sink faster
new job drug tests for weed smoke crack
get the fuck off reddit and outline
make the little things count teach midgets math
Fail to kill a survivor Suggest to fix  combat dc
got oil stains on your shirt? soak entire shirt in oil so the stains can't be seen
Make bad advice cat be original
Put face in anyone's crotch Get massage
tired of overused memes? make more. they will learn to love it again
Go To Chipotle Ask For Happy Ending
Call the cops Tell them everything
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FUCKER
Lost a contact lens on a carpet? Attach pantyhose To a vacuum cleaner hose attachment and suck around the floor.
Turn over trash hide under bed
install linux on a ntfs filesystem
Antifreeze is delicious trust me, I'm a dog
adopt a street Lynch 4th graders
if she's a hag doublebag
IT's YOUR BIRTHDAY KILL SOME STRIPPERs
Hire clowns for funerals
Woof LOL CUZ DOGS SAY THAT AND THIS IS A DOG SO BRAVE GIMME KARMA NIGGERS XDLOLXDLOLOLTROLOL
Drink antifreeze Live Forever
ORDER PIZZA PAY WITH SNAKES
say something in a condescending tone it'll prove you're smarter
STOP ABORTION GO GAY
Afraid of getting downvoted? just submit it anyway someone will get a laugh about it
break stuff Steal things
Induce nostalgia bring back a dead meme
Don't mess with texas It's not nice to pick on retards
Turn up the volume on the stove so we can hear the water boiling
play records backwards obey satan
put peanut butter on your vagina i'll lick it
Can't Pee before sexy time? Pee during sexy time
go to law school earn the respect and admiration of your peers by serving as a leader of your generation and of society
Don't drink and drive you might spill your drink
kill yourself then rape the body
Lose your virginity to a prostitute Tell your parents
PUT BANAL OBSERVATION IN IMPACT PLACE NEXT TO ANIMAL
oh noes ... bitches be trippin
BUY PIZZA PAY WITH SNAKES
Watch porn Outside
When life gives you skittles  pick them up, throw them at people and say "taste the rainbow"
drink hot sauce breathe fire
Save Money Use Tongue as  toilet paper
Take acid Play amnesia
fuck money get bitches
Starts Courtney Meme Half-asses it like all his KBMOD articles
incorrectly use memes post to facebook university pages
 aids
Going to bed Can't fap anymore
SAVE MONEY KILL HOOKERS
Go to stinson beach see something amazing
don't pay the ferryman until he gets you to the other side
Go to twilight premier play vuvuzela throughout the entire movie 
POST A DEAD MEME TO R/ADVICEANIMALS
Fuck Bitches Get Money
ADOPT A STREET LYNCH 4TH GRADERS
Press ALT+F4 To make your internet go faster
SUBMIT THESIS IN  MEME FORM RECEIVE PHD
submit link twice double karma
Drink methanol Taste the rainbow with your eyes
become the hulk run into a gamma radiation test site
CALL THE COPS I DON'T GIVE A FUCK
If you didn't make it don't fucking post it
Borrow money then borrow more money from a different bank to pay off the original loan
Just tell them to give you upvotes And they will give it to you
Can't sleep? masturbate. problem solved.
Kill the jews blame it on the jews
Alcohol kills germs drink plenty to keep your insides clean
Terrorist? Skip airport,         jump mexican border
Delete System32 Folder Instant access to deep web
Don't have money for gas? sell your car
pretend to have a problem get more drugs
Don't pay the ferryman until he gets you to the other side
eat poop shit food
Got problems? Bitching on facebook doesn't help
bored at work bring in guns
yankie doodle went to town riding on a pony, stuck a feather in his hat and called it pickles.
Use a new photo for a meme recycle old phrases
Show people your junk Get Tummy Rub
Bragging about not having a facebook  is like bragging about having one
Cheat on your Significant other It's really easy to keep it a secret
fuck the blind they cant see shit
Rain? Better head to the low ground
I'm Gay i like rainbows
Restraining Order She's just playing hard to get
be sure to fill out your timesheets
There's a point where this needs to stop and we've clearly crossed it
Too scared to ask out a girl Try meth
PRESENT THESIS DEFENSE IN MEME FORM RECEIVE PHD
Alt+f4 lets you see my webcam
get high on drugs rob a bank
Hijack the ice cream truck Deal drugs
be efficient      Masturbate in public
STARTED FONTLAB STUIDO AWESOME LIKE PUPPY
It's Simple We Kill the Batman
Have Some Class Eat her out
Fuck science  Make baby science
Brotip:  Use magnets  for faster acquiring.
eat shoe crap on floor
Sparky The stupid gay dog
Kill People  Burn shit  fuck school
Linoone can use Belly Drum Because it can use Extremespeed
Have Rick Schneider write the sports column He's very knowledgeable about sports
Eat ice cream carrots are for ugly people
go to skrillex concert die
The sun is going down Better eat my own poop
Use lol at the beginning of text Haha to finish it off... Lol
adventuring in skyrim? pack knee pads!
do drugs in prison be more popular
want to feel better? try heroin.
hi will you be my special friend 
choking on an ice cube? pour boiling water down your throat
find shirt go naked
Don't drink and drive Take LSD and teleport
Rape GGG Say you wanted CCC
cool story bro tell it again
Buy a trenchcoat Go to chuck E Cheese
Hey guys I'm back Nope, chuck testa.
Create a cool new meme with your picture and pretty colors get upvoted by the front of a bus
Cure hangover Drink More
I Left you a present in the kitchen! It's Poop!!
give a blow job use your teeth 
Using Windows? Pressing alt+f4 makes it run much faster.
have sex with man wearing dress then it's not gay
It betrays an evil mind, or at least a bad conscience, to stare at and/or speculate voluminously upon, in an anti-skeptical manner (the dialectic proper), things (economics, the dialectic of history, etc.) that we do not  or possibly cannot, understand
UNC Memes gives advice
Get drunk Find a gun
you put it in the wrong hole thats what she said
Shampoo in your eyes wash it out with some soap
Go into rule 34 thread post exact same picture other guy just got banned for
Always stay positive Even when your job is replaced by a duck
Ditch cake put candles in vodka
Rape School Girls Buy Cell Phone Minutes
Halo 4 should be Halo 3.5 trust me, I'm a dog
Smoke weed  Smell a  llama
post three times triple the karma
EAT MOTHBALLS ROB AN AUTOZONE
MAKE MONEY FUCK BITCHES
Get really drunk on new years Make a pointless meme
OMG IM SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU! BUT SOMEONE TOOK A SHIT IN THE HALLWAY
*licks crack* im craaaaaazy
submit meme wrong animal
believe in a thunderbolt throwing asshole go to heaven
masturbate in front of babies
stop  masturbating
poop on carpets so you can have rainbow carpets!
Go to the doctor Tell him to fuck off
throw chocolate coins at fat strippers save money
punch a cop get free donuts 
Mondays aren't that bad... after all, they do lead to Fridays
send a bad huck veteran foul call
EAT CRAYONS POOP RAINBOW
Have sex Turn into a dog
smoke weed after a study session it'll help you remember 
It's your birthday Stab a bitch
kill yourself hahah me fooled u 
delete system32 it makes your computer faster
Buy a mac Become a faggot
Inside: begs to go outside Outside: begs to be let inside Inside: begs to go outside Outside: begs to be let inside Inside: begs to go outside Outside: begs to be let inside Repeat infinite feedback loop
Use ctrl+w and the coolest thing happens!
try to suck yourself Break your back
Go to the hospital    Unplug machines
Computer not working Try to Plug it in
rape the dead drink pepsi
Disregard Girlfriend Watch Avatar: The Last Airbender
DRINK BLEACH LIVE FOREVER
OUT OF MONEY START BREAKING POTS
feeling sick? drink some rum! it'll kill all the bacteria!
who the fuck is courage wolf
create a creative meme first So you don't have to worry about it being a repost!
Work at daycare Mix business with pleasure
i love simply food i eat my own poop
Challenge Sober Driver To a drinking contest
Make more throwaway, single-use memes this format will live forever
Chemistry Dog Knows CHemistry
misused a meme? yell at them!
In the next ssb Their should add mewtwo
have sex penis falls off
No tp? drag butt on carpet.
Fuck that english essay! Your level 12 paladin isn't going to play itself!
wil je niet huilen als je uien snijd? doe je ogen dicht terwijl je snijd 
please unicorn eat tacos with me?
Put the cereal in Before the milk
Roses are grey, violets are grey, I am a dog
Let me teach you about bitches, son.
Sanity Wolf on Halloween.
Make new template For same advice
Your boss at work missed the last episode of game of thrones? Tell him how it ends so he doesn't have to wait until he gets home to know.
Pyro shut up
MIX BLEACH AND AMMONIA MAKE SUPER CLEANER
Rioters stole all of your merchandise? Sell their kidneys instead!
post funny memes all night girls have sex with funny guys
i will kill your children then nothing will make you distracted from me...
See Slenderman Give him $19
Learn Latin Talk to Demons
sleep with girl dont use condom Caption 3 goes here
 Cum everywhere
roses are gray, violets are gray, lol i'm a dog! squirrel.
Search for 'Lolita' on imagefap fap like crazy
Juggle chainsaws Get Laid
Richard, Brandon, you mad bro? My advice to you: Cool story, bro. Tell it again.
rape woman  to obtain karma 
fast break? Call Timeout!
online account got hacked install mcafee
* Will cover your ass Before Grammar Nazis remove it
Post reddit memes on Facebook to get likes Post facebook quotes on reddit to get karma
Become Engineer Fuck Bitches
TYPE ONIONIB INTO GOOGLE IMAGES shit brix
Starts series of memes replaced by bad advice cat
One minute of kissing burns 26 calories Help your sister with her diet this year
buy riot k9 nasus for european server
Be cool Be a meme snob
CATS NOT GETTING ALONG? RAPE AND KILL THEM BOTH
Attribute advice to duck Become profound
HI I hump your mother daily.
used condom for anal sex couldn't feel shit
roses are gray, violets are gray lol i'm a dog!  squirrel. 
a dog is  for life not just for Korea
Every girl is capable of murder If you hurrr durrr
watching porn and mom walks in click ctrl w
Buy pizza pay with snakes
Post youtube video Make thumbnail a half naked girl
Make an Advice Dog post Be a reddit hipster
Kill a hooker save her soul
Stop putting the top caption as the link title So I don't have to keep reading the same thing twice
Break your neighbors pots Find rupees
Knows memes are overused Doesn't care
I LIKE DORITOS AND PISS ON CATS PENIS ON CAT HEAD
FUCK YOUR SISTER 
Drink Bleach Fresh Breath
Drink, go on airplane, and pee on an 11-year old girl You won't remember
teach adherence Prescribe candy
Dont Upvote ducks They have no  good advice
more interested in fat man shooting gun then possible sex partner good luck getting laid
there's a point where this needs to stop and we've clearly passed it
When your fat friend calls herself fat, agree with her She will appreciate your honesty
I'm glad you were born So suck my dick, son
yeah, i watch you have sex. you watch me poop
Pee on babies they won't remember!
verb noun verb noun
Don't trust ducks They are quacky
Increase security Buy a dog
IF YOU COULD FORCE MEMES MILHOUSE WOULD BE A REAL MEME BY NOW
PUT BANAL OBSERVATION IN 'IMPACT' Font PLACE NEXT TO ANIMAL
Anal sex helps prevent COLON CANCER
Buy a Guitar Get Laid
TGIF ...Food?! Not food?! Have a good weekend!!
Carne vermelha faz mal, carne branca faz mal meu deus, o que devo comer?
what are you complaining about? i got my nuts chopped off 
bad day? kill yourself
broken furnace? turn on oven
smoke pcp fight 6 cops
Start one of the greatest phenomenons on the internet Die
tuomitse holokaustihuumori paakirjoituksessa julkaise sarjakuva vapaan juutalaisen saippuasta
See nigger pull the trigger
swallow the ring shit on her chest
Confess fake murder Get Internet famous in days
Call black people "nigger" They'll respect your courage 
buy turkey bacon to eat healthier fry it in bacon fat for the flavor
delete system 32 make computer faster
go to job interview wear tuxedo
Eat a lot of posion you'll be immune to it
fap at school makes girls like you
Hot shower sex With mom
YOU  ARE A SLUT 
pretend to be gay double your wardrobe
Replaced me with a red duck? Next time kill yourself
Want to curb your internet addiction? Get a cat
Google Teresa FIGALDO at images shit brix
go to /new/ downvote confession bears
Befriend a fat person look better by comparison
so many colors
I'm a drug dealer at my school I could have you killed if I wanted
do the cinnamon challenge   with cocaine
SMOKE POT BLOW DAD
BE 2H2H2H VOLUNTEER
Mainstream? too mainstream
Whoever showed Reddit this meme Needs to kill himself
SEND HIM PHOTOS OF YOUR SNATCH
Don't smoke spice it aint no fun
live in a great dorm carter hall
Drink the stuff under the sink tastes like happy
SPAM FACEBOOK PAGES WITH PORN IT'S NOT LIKE FB STAFF WILL DO ANYTHING
too many misused memes on facebook  encourage your friends to drink bleach
Search "sib so" on google images Fap all day
Put purell on Penis No need for condoms
Puke on floor Eat it
go fuck yourself
Eat skittles taste the rainbow
If you never tell people you are way smarter than them They will never know
Its summertime! Time for amateur drowning!
Won't eat spicy foods Eats owns poop
RJ IS A BIG  FAGGOT
Lord of the flies: Civilization to Savagery Christian Carlson English 2 AS 2nd Period
I hate abbie Period
Fuck the system Eat Nutrigrain bars
HOWEVER CUTE YOU THINK YOUR DOG IS YOUR DOG IS NOT THAT CUTE
bad taste in mouth don't lick ur ass I'm the dog
Hit puberty Cum everywhere
HELP ME  DOUBLE TAP AND LET ME FREE
Step 1. whiskey Step 2. Crossbow
GAY DOG I LOVE PEANUT BUTTER BALLS!!!
play football with humans ruff passer
TAKE whole bottle of painkillers no pain for life
Make an Insanity Wolf  About SOPA
Bang the cheerleader save the world
SATA III HD in SATA II port? No Problem
Child wants a new bedtime story? pull out creepypasta
YOU KNOW THAT WHEN I SNIFF YOUR BUT IT MEANS..... IDK IT SMELLS GOOD THOUGH
Adopt a street Lynch 4th graders
HEJ SOFIE SUT MIN PIK
shake a leper's hand hand it back to him
Eat Bananas Become God
adopt a street lynch 4th graders
Yeah Yeah Schweah, yeah
Score on easy throw DEstroy disc
I <3 Denim Panties  They look like Booty Shorts
pee on babies they won't remember
save wood eat beaver
I FARTED. 
every day I'm barklin 
LEARN HOW TO USE PAYPAL. IT IS FASTER AND EASIER THAN SENDING A CHECK.  PEOPLE WILL APPRECIATE IT.
Never brag about your girl being able to deep throat everybody knows you don't have a girl
Use Comic Sans Bitches Love Comic Sans
Ask her to meet you for coffee bring a box full of rotten bananas
BUILD FORT FUCK BITCHES
STOP CHECKING YOUR PHONE NOBODY TEXTED YOU
EAT CRAYONS  POOP RAINBOW
go to karate class  become assassin
life is awesome on acid
say "this will probably get buried" it's like a karma magnet
Chase a bird and it will fly away trust me, I'm a dog
Calling IGN  IS BAD
eat crayons taste the rainbow
be the good one Kill your Twin
call Zephir get fucked :3
im cute suck my little dog weiner
Your boss at work missed the last episode of game of thrones? Tell him how it ends so he don't have to wait until he gets home to know.
Don't listen to HTD He's a white man
pie is horrabile trust me, I'm a dog
feed me or else
DO YOUR THESIS IN ANOTHER UNIVERSITY IT WILL BE EASIER!
You Are So Beautiful I can't stop drooling
use your masterball on a magikarp trust me it's worth it
finds 4chan gets gun
backflips are easier than front flips Trust me I'm  a dog
Life gives you lemons? Ask for salt  and tequila
no energy? drink petrol
Answer the phone With your balls!
Parents know your fapping? Put food coloring in your penis
Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab
takes drugs poops on owner
Danke!!! 
cute dog or prison
EAT POOP LIVE FOREVER
eat a lightbulb crap sunshine!
Developers developers developers developers? developers developers developers developers!
Use chamois butt'r cream Avoid butt chafe
LIKE A GIRL? Be the first to bring her birthday roses in the dead of night.
try this totally safe bath salts
drink bleach live forever
use internet explorer 
I love you more than anything Here's a dead bird
Fuck fire hydrant lick fire hydrant
people be threatened sell rocks
choclate milk out of spencers butthole tastes great trust me, I'm a dog
best artist ever? Fuk that when we go smiley faces
Want tons of karma? Repost a dead meme everybody forgot about
woof woof wooooooof
when you wanna try anal just do anal the girl is gonna shut up sooner or later
post picture of something cool you own say you got it for christmas
Want someone's attention? Hump their leg!
Goblins can break down closed doors Leave them open
DON'T BE A FAGGOT OR A JEW TRUST ME, I'M A DOG
GRAB VANILLA ICE RIP OUT HIS BLONDE DREADS
Is she Legal? #YOLO
Let her know your interested Rape her roommate
drink gasoline run fast
Play the LOST LEVELS IT'S EASY
DONT EAT PRETZELS EAT THE POOP
Drink Bleach Live forever
See crying girl punch her in the face
 I'm a good boy
this is much better than the duck for giving good advice
name flash drive rasheed wallace never forget to eject hardware
save the trees never write thesis
Dean is a faggot trust me, I'm a dog
I SUGGEST YOU STOP LYING TO YOURSELF  LITTLE MEECH
Hitler wasn't such a bad guy After all, he did kill Hitler
poop tastes great trust me, I'm a dog
wear a condom especially when in public pool
cats tastes great trust me, I'm a dog
it's your birthday i'll bring the crack
sniff bath salts play zombies with friends
USE SASL WITH MEMCACHED BREAK EVERYTHING
leave door unlocked nothing will get taken
 
wear a batman suit go get 'em tiger
Correct memes there is no room for inacuracy in the net
Buy a mac They work, right?
LOOK UP RULE34 TWILIGHT SPARKLE ITS HARMLESS
Thank God for your girlfriend she's kind of a big deal
poop tastes great trust me, I'm a dog
Correct memes the internet needs accuracy
i will kill you in your sleep I'M Alpha  puppy
NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA Y U EAT SO MUCH CHICKEN?
GET A LIFE GET OFF REDDIT
dont give me loves or treats I'M Alpha  puppy
get drunk Juggle Knives
same bug in lots of places new issue for each
LOOOOKKK!! CHOCCOOOLLLAATTEEEE!!! HEHE. I DARE YOU TO EAT IT
Take risks punch a boxer and get knocked out!
parents keep checking browser history? google for suicide advice all day long
If the cops are flashing their lights at you they just want to see how fast you can drive
IT WASNT ME IT WAS JOSH :(
you should invest your money by buying a caravan in grantville
Apparently Everyone  forgot about me
I need pants to communicate I would also like a robotic canine thumb Wont you help me?
Save Money search a master
Loosing to Hebron sucks trust me, I'm from a school other than kouts and bowman
 
TOLD OFF FOR SNIFFING BUMS? TA DAH! SHIT IN THE BATHROOM
Don't listen to mallard trust me, I'm a dog
Girls - If You're Really Fat Wear Tights Instead Of Jeans So People Don't Notice
How to make the front page: drink bleach
i'm so glad you're home someone shit on the carpet!
use an old meme you'll definitely get upvotes
RAWR 
IGNORE BROKEN MERCEDES THROTTLE BODY BURNOUT IN FRONT OF COPS
makes meme uses the wrong meme
find an anorexic ask when the baby's due
A WISE MAN ONCE TOLD ME THE MOST IMPORTANT MUSCLE IN YOUR BODY... IS THE ONE IN YOUR PANTS. OR IN MY CASE, HANGING AROUND FOR EVERYONE TO SEE.
in  trust me, I'm a dog
nah bill that microsoft idea will never work go to college instead
IM A DOG SO FUCK YOU
Go Dating Bring your Ex as Wingman
eat homework hump teacher
Now remember, kids, the internet is serious business
swan hill is kewl yeh yeh yeh
DOSE IT LOOK PRETTY?? PLEASE TELL ME!!!
Wanna improve your Job prospects? get a phd in philosophy
Gives out hilariously bad advice dies
Girl tells you about how she was almost raped Ask to see her vagina
DONT DRINK AND DRIVE DO LCD AND TELAPORT
smoke you'll totally look older and cooler
GAYS MARRY BLOW DAD
MAKE "BAD ADVICE DOG" COMIC GIVE GOOD ADVICE
STOP LYING KILL YOURSELF
grow weed new hedges
Itchy tattoo? you know what to do, teach that fucker
THE LECTURE SLIDES WILL BE ON MOODLE
Eat the candy in the medicine cabinet
Accompagna i tuoi amici a casa ogni giorno ti vorranno piu' bene!
using lye helps the bodies decompose faster
Post about Valve for instant karma
MASTRUBATING IN THE DARK IS WAY MORE FUN 
call everyone a newfag to prove you're an oldfag
ask for help call them online virgin trolls
Clean your intestins drink deteregents
Get raped feel flattered
Don't Use Mallards for memes Use Advice Dog
Wear Clownsuit Masturbate at Taco Bell
Make bomb jokes in airport Security loves that kind of light humor because of their stressful jobs
drink bleach cleanse your body
 FUCK OFF CLEAN SHIRT!
Don't become a rape statistic Just say yes.
In crate all day Eat Jay's Sneaker
your posts get no karma? make a post about it. Everyone will sympathize
Your friend got busted for public nudity in college. Tell your whole family the story
Watch colonoscopy Discover inner beauty
 Free jazz
Shit yourself in class GROW A BEAR
You Play Skykrim? Go play in traffic instead.
Gets Into Airborne School Goes to Basic Instead
Dead Meme exploit for karma
Shut up Rob You chinky
Feed dog grapes Give it superpowers
Dicks hi
GET DRUNK, HIGH, DRIVE, TOTALED CAR ITS FINE, YOLO
If you want a beautiful girl to suddenly walk up and stand close to you just fart a smelly lingering fart
Too much traffic on the streets Drive on sidewalk
hire python developers pay them with snakes
vamo ver o que vem por ai nao da pra saber ainda
Clean your bathroom With ammonia and bleach
dog eat dog poop
DO YOUR TAXES EARLY TO RECEIVE THEM AFTER EVERYONE ELSE
drink glow stick juice get higher than life
get drunk shag robert
If a panda rapes your ex-girlfriend do something
IM A RANBOW DOGY WOOFWOOFWOOF
Put your foot down  shit your pants
Think About breathing
try meth! just once
Tired of Non Advice Animals? join r/realadviceanimals
im a dog cunt
Making rap song be sure to yell your name at the start or they won't know which artist made it
pretend to be a disenfranchised former evangelical other redditors will flock to your aid
See daughter on pornhub Fap harder
torture kitties climb the corporate ladder
MAKING A GOOD MEME IS LIKE LEARNING OTHELLO ONE MINUTE TO LEARN, A LIFETIME TO MASTER
eat an entire plate of asparagus two hours before taking a drug test
bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
want to stop receiving spam click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the spam mail
Save money lick your balls
want to get kinky? use icy hot
Go to massart befriend hipsters
get an erection Cut your dick off, then place burning iron next to your eyeballs
IF YOU STUDY IN PLYMOUTH use google street view to see the world
want to make new friends? stay in your basement
Trouble sleeping? go on /r/spacedicks
MR. PICKLES FUN TIME ABORTION CLINIC WE'LL BRING OUT THE KID IN YA
MY freinds say i'm really really ridiculously  good looking who cares if they're blind
trying to find a post on reddit? use the search bar, it's great!
If you dislike wearing bras, don't wear them It's more comfortable, plus we men don't mind
you would be nothing without me
u mad? she looks mad
Use Old meme Get KArma
christmas? abruptly talk to your mom about satan
End illegal wiretapping By legalizing wiretapping.
Stars are the spirits of our ancestors watching over us wave when you shit in a field
Have a beer eat flesh
Fumble forward Get a first down
Suck Dick Get All The Babes
SAD BECASE YOU'RE A SIDE HOE? KILL THE OTHER HOES
OH, THAT LOOKS LIKE GABAGOOL CHANCES ARE, IT IS GABAGOOL
I don't always use the wrong advice animal But when I do, I prefer advice dog
Save time fuck cows
reddit why don't you love me?
Listen to Nickelback Commit suicide
Oppose free healthcare? Move to canada
Show your boss that you won't be fucked with 
If you lick a toad you get high for 5 minutes trust me, I'm a dog
Drink Coors Light It tastes great
EAT LASER POINTER BECOME SHOOP DA WHOOP
kill poofters harvest organs  for hash cash
Link to site about animal cruelty Post in advice animals
support sopa stop online piracy
Give your job to insanity wolf
pedobear is the best babysitter
GO TO PUB BEFORE STUDYING FOR TEST TOMORROW
smoke you'll totally look older and cooler Caption 3 goes here
Saturday night? Talk to Scorch1494
Snort Coke Juggle Knives
Impact Turn, Then link turn! Double win!
I know you don't love me fool... get killed by a train
saxon metzger meme of kings
i have a brother? wait, 2 puppies?
учи разметку будь олдфагом
chase tail and lick balls. what a day!
A teaspoon of cinnamon helps the medicine go down
use baseball bat leave work early
dress for the job you want? wear a condom around to become a porn star
Rhetorical perspectives My favorite thing
Don't Bother Trying to troll Panic unless you think 10% Warn makes your epeen bigger
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Bugger!
Poop on the carpet Blame the cat
Use dead meme Burn your house down
Gaining unwanted fat and drinking or eating with too much sugar or have table sugar at home? Try to progressively lower your sugar intake. Even a gram of sugar has considerable calories in it
Be a  big guy cerullo Punch hole through wall
Never brag about your girl being able to deep throat Everyone will just assume you're an ass-hole......with a dumb girlfriend
Take Shrooms Find Car
Go to Imagefap.com search lolita fap like crazy
I didn't eat your entire bagel.  I'm going to throw up now. 
Drunk? Go for a swim. You'll be sober in no time!
Text the girl you like  Tell Her How You Feel
search "lolita"  at imagefap.com 
Revive a dead meme You'll Get lots of karma
Older sibling still living at home? Plant drugs on them
FIND EXTREMELY SHOCKING, DISGUSTING AND APPALLING TWEET RETWEET IT
Get Aids Pass it on
wear a ski mask make a deposit
giygas in ya home? Sceram, youngster, scram!
eat crayons poop rainbows
My master is getting the peanut butter.  Challenge Accepted.
ask reddit for advice on life have a great life
Eat Dictionary  Speak Good
Until IM housebroken everything you step on feels like poop
I THINK YOU SHOULD MAKE MEMES LIKE THIS THERES NO WAY IT COULD GO OVERBOARD
TAKE DRUGS KILL BEARS
Wish for a pony it's much better than more wishes
revise hard plank in exams
Never tell a girl you like her it makes you look stupid
comes up with clever caption forget immediately
You should get some rest I know you had a ruff day
MAINSTREAM? TOO MAINSTREAM
Fundamentos?? kisawa?
BEAT YOUR WIFE
Mission Accomplished
 trained my owner to throw the ball every time i bring it back
search "lolita" at imagefap.com fap like crazy
STOP RIGHT THERE MAFIA SCUM
swallow bleach trip harder than acid
don't let your son molest a dog buy him some pussy
MEET ALIENS EXTOL VALUES OF A UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE
trainer im sportverein sein nicht wissen wann training ist
KEt - TELlS not kettles
Does not believe in self believes in those who believe in him
Get drunk Drive home alone. Wake up to unscratched car. No memory of driving home last night
i tried to save my master from the vacuum all he did was yell at me
When life gives you lemons Beat your kid with them
What are the different Policy Prefixs mean? 
SELL KEYBOARD MONEY FOR COKE
get  drunk find gun
Post dead meme on Reddit Hit the frontpage for no reason
rape women cal it seduction
Natty is waitin' to see Ness Nigglesnoosh!
BRO N.D.A.
Buy Pizza Pay with Bitcoin
GOOD MORNING i peed on you in your sleep!
Out at restaurant  Order your chicken medium rare
Need to spice up sex life? try dogging
GOOGLE "SIB MS" FAP LIKE CRAZY
WHERE DO U BUY WEED IN ANIMAL CROSSING TOM NOOK WON'T TELL ME
Receive message from Daniel Adrean. Start trolling like no tomorrow.
MANCHESTER A giant douche?
make thoughtful google+ post get trolled
sMOKE jOINT WATCH DOCUMENTARY
Find a bear cub Fuck it
Go on Imagefap.com Search for lolita Caption 3 goes here
We simply DO NOT NEED all those jets at $149 million each
Back up your files after you get a virus Then you'll still have everything when  you recover it
It's your birthday Kill some strippers
When doing the laundry, mix whites and colors This shows you're not racist 
Board? Beat a cop and steal his gun to rob a bank!
saxon metzger king of memes
You can't go wrong With drugs
need to lose weight? cover everything in butter so it slides through your system without being absorbed
Rip off your shirt and act like a wolf Girls love it
Lick taint Be science
Share your food vomit 
Just because you have a girlfriend and get laid Does not make you the "The man"
if your dogs poops a rainbow all over the carpet chop off his head and sit it in the poop
Post link three times triple karma
shit glitter frontpage
give the waitress a generous tip just the tip
Repost from r/circlejerk  as confession bear
Make a shitty movie get an A
Starting PG is playing great Keep him on the bench
Hijack the ice cream truck Deal drugs
я  ёпсик бля,пёсик
Buy mac play pc games
You think I'm holy? How cute! Keep eating those shrooms!
Drink Daddy's Beer Learn to fly
if you get piss on your fingers at the urinal wipe it on your underwear before zipping up
Watch 2 1/2 men Ignore community
Lift your leg when you pee And once you're done, step in the puddle
wanna be a winner? read lots of books, puuhhhleesase!
shit on debras desk kill andy samburg
Steal clocks time is money
Kill hookers Keep your money
Be a  big guy cerullo Punch hole through wall Caption 3 goes here
SAY THAT YOU BELIEVE IN SANTA SO PARENTS GIVE YOU EXTRA GIFT
PURCHASE SMALL COMPANY WIPE OUT ALL THEIR PENSIONS
Skip algebra Final exam Become pornstar
i ate crayons!!!!!! u jelly?
take class full of BMEs Curve shouldn't be too bad
AMBER NORLIN KISSED MY BUTTHOLE
Baby won't stop crying while you're out doing errands? Leave it in the car. It will calm down with time to itself.
If you pretend you're on the phone.... PUT IT ON SILENT
You have been fucked by life If your mother catches you masturbate and still thinks your a girl
keep making variations of the college freshamn meme
Next time try Cheez Whizz But use the cat
Just let the Wizard of Oz-like pseudo-intellectual, power-fantasy projections of Nietzsche and Rand overpower your consciousness with 'temperance' you'll soon realize that slavery is freedom (for the leaders), war is peace (for the gods of the imaginary f
Eat Glue and sparkles Poop ORnAMENTS
CURB OVERPOPULATION START WORLD WAR 3
BELIEVE IN  YOUUUUU Caption 3 goes here
Save postage bite the postman
Looking for a nostalgia rush? Read Slowpoke memes
endear public sue tiny ally
If you're not drunk ladies and gentlemen shots
DISCARD CAKE PUT CANDLES IN VODKA
 
be badass I fucked steven's mom
Be the original  advice animal   fuck tha police
If you don't pick tank  I will kill you and your entire family
Post Simpsons link Karma on my face
eat crayons shit rainbow
complain about internet get aids!
Never brag about your girl being able to deep throat Everyone will just assume you have a small penis
five mile run in the morning? beer has water in it
Darren made a collect call still got charged
Go into exam bust out 6 questions
Invest in yourself Eat Gold and Silver
if your girlfriend wants to make you dinner expect the worst and avoid disappointment
Cheat on your girlfriend It's really easy to keep it a secret
You play fei-long and yun... ... and u still lose! 
Lick your dick and play frisbee
if you want to make fast karma make gifs out of youtube videos
remember me malicious mallard? my peoples ate your mother for dinner
Getting or speiling it wrong Losing soul you never had
need stress relief? get a dog!
SHAVE YOUR BALLS It makes your cock bigger
Getting an HIV test? It's important to stay positive!
arsene Wenger is a arse-ol 
Sniff Bum It's polite
DONT LISTEN TO THE DUCK HE WONT BRING BACK THE BALL
Lose Cat Cup Go Ape shit
Always remember Nero loves you
Always remember your awesome
Learn german use downfall meme
Never Go on chat roulette You will always see a penis
Have sex with marli bro Just cause some guys said she gave them crabs doesn't mean it's true
add "the" in front of words like YouTube and Facebook You are now hip and modern
Lataa SimCity Leiki Jumalaa
 Huzzah!
you cant say no to this face now pay me my f'in money
climb mt. ember kill moltres for exp
Microwave distilled water for a few minutes pour sugar into it
Go to Jamaica Turn into lion
Try the new vodka diet.  Loose 3 days in 1 week!
Hey Melanie Its almost Chewey Day!
eat pepper shit fire
check out this website called reddit
delete a pasta system32 vai fazer seu computador ficar mais rapido
Inject heroin before final A+ guaranteed
Always only a couple minutes late put clock a couple minutes ahead
DON'T RAPE KIDS RAPE INFANTS
take me home My name is Larz.
Install a urinal in your bathroom never leave the seat up again
on a diet carrot cake sounds nutritious
people hate old memes you should downvote them
stranger shares similar mannerisms with me she will be my future wife
single and ready to mingle in grad school start dating classmate on day 2
Use a time machine Go back in time
if your right hand is hurting injure your left one to balance the pain
Noticing more r/trees posts on front page everyone must be as excited for earth day as i am
PAVLOV? HMM, RINGS A BELL
you don't have to give my wife a gift for our anniversary   our marriage isn't recognized in this state
 
Masturbate?(we know you do...dont lie) walk under a black light ( at chuck-e-cheese) 
Don't Drink Midori You Will Have Green Spew
Why am I so happy? I just ate my own poop
Acquire Brain  Tumor Headbutt it  out
Do drugs Live forever and grow wings!
Receive work email from Boss Send naked photos in return
envie um sms para a garota que esta apaixonado quando estiveres bebado
Promote social awareness whip your junk out
drop out of school Google will answer all your questions
When the police ask you to say the alphabet backwards Do it, they will love that you tried
I LOVE YOU SO I STEAL YOUR SOCKS
check out deandre jordan's twitter Its clear he works out once or twice a week tops
EAT CARROTS FIGHT LIONS
In trouble call the cops, they'll help you.
go to church and yell obey satan
make up illness self medicate
Leak Memegen Get Banned
Elope Eat glass
donate to peta
Everday I'm Cuddlin
Hey guys remember me?
Flip a coin Make important life decisions
Test airbags crash your car!
repost old memes people liked them before!
I'm the grandfather of all you shitty memes give me karma
Invite the cheerleader Victory-bang her.
No Girls on the go? Top up world of warcraft account
ask a woman if she's pregnant; turns out she isn't  tell her that she's about to be
poop on everything
fuck everything drink
Post memes that aren't confession bear You'll get upvotes, I promise
finish your assignment but first, go to facebook.
want to dodge a speeding ticket? get out of the car as soon as the cop does.
cant go to lunch because wants to save money  buys $12 six pack of beer
constipated? use dynamite!
TAKE YOUR SHIT AWAY  INSTEAD PARTY WITH GAY PEOPLE
Leave forum join world of immortality
Writes Short story about marriage Becomes famous Instantly
doesnt fit odds are you are doing it wrong
Forget you closed Google+ tab Get shit done
suggest abortion page to all friends purify facebook newsfeed
Respect your elders remember me
The world turn it's back on you? Shoot them in the back!
Star on 2 1/2 men Have lobotomy
Go to Switzerland brag about assertiveness
Sex is the greatest gift If you love him then wait until marriage
internet piracy? Sopa
I came in your mom You Watched
Make up girlfriend, plagiarize artist reap loads of karma!
to the skies, assholes!
BE COOL
Happy birthday Brioche!
gold is a good investment chumlee bought an air baloon
You taste the rainbow you feel the rainbow YOU FUCK THE RAINBOW
Eat soap Never brush teeth again
Upvote all things light up all pineapples!!!
Don't cook while drunk  You'll end up with no eyebrows
Everyday  I'm Cuddlin
Buy Dubstep on vinyl
let your roommates girlfriend stay over she'll have to leave sometime
sua namorada esta se achando gorda? compre roupas maiores pra ela
When live gives you lemons do whatever you want with a bunch of lemons
MAKE MOAR WESTMONT MEMES
Bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark
do your fukin timecard or i bite you
Go into the Veridian Forest get killed by a caterpie
FRONT LINES FTW
post link to reddit F5 EVERY 2 MINUTES TO CHECK upvotes
Get a roomate Fuck them to solve differences
Get Drunk Find a gun
think i'm cute ever see gremlins?
GO FUCK YOURSELF 
need to lose weight? smoke crack
want people to like your posts? use Actual Advice Mallard
McMemes Taahir Ahmed
eat glue stick like spiderman!
Complain about new call of duty series play mario
talk to guy friends like this talkk to gurrlll friendsss like thissssss
He poked me on the book of face He must be dtf
GUERRAS, HAMBRE ODIO, MENTIRAS!!!
challenge your peers commit broken code
HEY WHILE YOU WERE GONE SOMEONE SHIT ON THE CARPET
Make a new, creative meme using malicious advice mallard
thankyou we appreciate your 20 minute wait lol jk ill pop you through to the other team
get rich rob the homeless
drink blue stuff from under the sink live longer than god...also pee on on anyones who name is kieth
Make Link to site about animal cruelty Post in advice animals
Spend $300 on car audio upgrades listen to sports-talk radio
Foreleser dukker ikke opp Hold forelesningen selv
If you agree and don't have anything to add Shut up and don't reply with: "This"
take up smoking more breaks at work
Invest in pagers cheer for the cubs
When life gives you skittles pick them up throw them at people and say "Taste the rainbow'
Pee on an electric fence 
USE GIT ON WINDOWS IGNORE THE CASE
Leave forum join world of immortality
I used to be king of the memes Then i took an arrow in the knee
Give image macros titles Or noone will read them. 
Fuck Condoms you're already in the mesa inn hot tub
steal candy  from the medicine cabinet
atx mobo wont fit in atx case you are doing it wrong
get drunk /b/
DESAYUNAR MILANESAS, ALMORZAR TE CON LECHE. CENAR UNA BOLSA GIGANTE DE MERCA
entediado no aeroporto? grite: cuidado, um terrorista!
ESSAY DUE TOMORROW PRINT OUT WIKIPEDIA
Eat lead paint fart poptarts!
got cottonmouth? drink bong water
 
In the winter metal poles taste like candy Don't hesitate to lick them!
So what about it Elly? Partners?
answer like a boss u mad?
Circle Jerks. Grab a penis and join in.
Mess with trussrod Receive bacon
let me sniff your butt bitch
Have to study for finals? What about them memes 
WANT FREE TUITION? RUN IN FRONT OF 10A
Get karma Use dead memes
Bitch, please My advice doesn't cost $250 an hour
be nice to everyone You never know who has a gun
I'm just saying that if you find a girl that will eat your shit, that's true love Marry that bitch
Mention the front page in your post that will definitely get you to the front page
Need a deck? Play Toon World.
One caption in the middle of the screen makes the best kind of advice animal, especially if it has way too much text and punctuation (including these parentheses). 
Make your first post to r/adviceanimals Use advice dog
I LIKE BIG CATS AND I CANNOT LIE!!!
make plans wait 2 hours before telling friends you're being delayed
Just let the Wizard of Oz-like pseudo-intellectual, power-fantasy projections of Nietzsche and Rand overpower your consciousness with 'temperance' you'll soon realize that slavery is freedom (for the leaders), war is peace (for the gods of the imaginary f
Twitpic your dick
bestfriend an diabetic eat all their rice porridge
Post on teh vetibule reveal personal information
RING IN THE NEW YEAR WITH A GREAT BONE
If you want to hold more pictures You should buy a dslr
Thank You based god he fucked my bitch
Speak your opinion Reddit will love it
Spawn an entire genre of memes You'll never fade in to obscurity!
delete system 32 trust me, bro. its a good idea.
use powerpoint for class presentation insert internet memes, they never get old!
Spit in the PCR Get out of work early
I wonder what flavor pop tart nyan cat is?  taste like rainbows skilltelicious 
crack engine block drink everclear
U Mad She Looks mad
МАШИНУ ПРОДАВАЙ/ПОКУПАЙ
Google LGV in images fap all day!
Post link twice double karma
HI WHATS YOURRRRR NAME
fat girls,  always wear a bra and heavy shirt because no one should suffer because of your lumpy titties
 
Найди ксеноартефакт Трахни лолю-коммисса
talk to guy friends like this talkk to gurlll friendsss like thissss
As Lenin said, we are highly evolved things, material machines, not human beings whose way of seeing the world is primarily mental, with the speicific biological characteristics that go along with that; And as Novack would say, we would like our essence-l
People liked that an hour ago? You should totally post it again. 
MASTERBATE AND UR PARENTS WALK IN DONT MASTERBATE
Tired of driving? Put your car in cruise control and take a nap.
popped advantix i'm sheddin'
Make the floor your toilet eat sections of the carpet
Who let the dogs out oug oug oug
Shoot president become famous
Kun painaa nappulaa tulee poliisi 
post a repost! they are, after all, tried and true winners!
SAW A SQUIRREL BEST DAY EVER.
I ate all your undies. When the fuck is dinner time?
USE HUGE FONT READABLE FROM THUMBNAIL
Suck dicks Become Daymo
drink gas piss fire
Post dead meme Recieve sweet karma
have sex with children no std's
Post the same meme all day on reddit it'll become more funny and fresh than I am
Take any and all advice from a duck
PEEING IS MY FAVORITE!
VOY A ENTREVISTAR VIEJOS BURREROS DE BANFIELD DAME PORRO
fat girls always wear a bra because no one should suffer because of your flappy tits
Log on Facebook Post Gay porn
Aim for the crotch Be the ball
Remember me?
Post dead memes Get more karma
Want to make the front page? Use a dead meme
BUTT SNIFFING IT'S THE NEW BLACK
delete system32 it makes your computer faster
Comment on those who have a cake day, and congratulate them they usually don't realize it and will likely give you an upvote.
Get famous on internet  die lonley
 
Look at this place Advice Animals
Zrob zdjecie nie dzwon po straz pozarna!
INTRODUCE JOHN HOLMES AND LARRY FLYNT GET THEM TO MAKE GAY PORN TOGETHER
Become a very famous, trend starting image macro for a little bit
Bring back old memes After forgetting how to use them
fap 3 times in one day brag to girls
PENIS ITS UNDER YOUR SHIRT
eat  shit
Post link thrice  triple karma!
drop core classes attend all the 400 level things
If Justin bieber tries to kiss you You should let him know your age and see if he still wants to
PLAY SECOND LIFE Your Marriage is perfectly Fine
Feed me a box of oreo's
Nur scheißsse im TV einfach wieder fuckrn
Introduce friend to r/advice animals Watch his karma instantly skyrocket past yours
go to imagefap.com and type "lolita"at the the search bar happy fapping!
Licks your face because he loves you Goes back to finish eating his crap
Always lie about how much action you get... Unless you're Mickey McCouch they'll know you're lying anyway
Go to new orleans in ghost costume
Punch your Uterus to stop the bleeding!
Want to repost without being downvoted? dont repost
YOLO YOU OBVIOUSLY LACK ORIGINALITY
don't go to college library teaches you for free
Don't Succumb to peer pressure Kill your friends
Delete system 32 Make your computer faster
TAKE ADVICE FROM A DUCK
You should watch birdemic on netflix its scary as fuck man
Post link to reddit f5 every 2 minutes to check upvotes
You just made an awesome moment .....Really gay
DELETE C:\Windows\System32 Make PC FASTER
Estilo woof woof
GAME download stuck at 99.97% Install anyway
Kill Moose B'y
wake up at 11AM tell boss you're wfh
post boobs receive karma
read reddit get promoted
You don't need food to live
smoke cigarettes make memes
For lent Give up lent 
Post about Lion Get uncircled
befriend an belemic clean up
master forgot to close the garbage!! and i havent gotten a good spanking in at least two hours. mmhm....
x += v; v += a;
Trust Me, bro ... ASSHOLES ARE THE NOT SO GOLDEN GATES TO FRIENDSHIP
Wear short sleeves support your right to bare arms
What do you do when you vomit that rotten carcass you ate? Eat it again
drink bleach it helps
Use new memes on reddit They're popular right now
Hate your village?  Go live in the jungle You'll find singing bears and friendly panthers who will feed you. 
delete c:\windows\system32 make pc faster
LURK /B/ worship numbers in a row
take your friends pic use it for a meme
o alcool entra e a verdade sai? tente isto na prova final
Chase That Teemo
%n can't see their trinkets tell them they're hidden under their loin cloth
If Justin bieber tries to kiss you It could be more fun if you play hard tomget
Be awesome Don't Be Burger
being bullied at work? no need to defend urself cause later on slashing their tires works just fine
Drink bleach Live forever
Lose 20 pounds today Chop off an arm
need a job? get a degree in philosophy
Everything is going to be ok I voted for hitler!
fale pra sua namorada que gosta dela mas a amava quando era magra
If Justin bieber tries to kiss you It could be more fun if you play hard to get
wanna make the front page? use this meme
Study hard Drink harder
Smoke glue Listen to wony
get bored  yell bomb in public
Smoke a BOWL... AT WORK
Complain about your teenage kids to your "20-something" co-workers It's endearing
Take picture of literally anything Put words on it
Unfreeze windscreen throw hot water on quickly
Предлагай Развивай
Waste your Money  Donate to ron paul's campaign
Stalk the shit out of him
get netflix on ps3 never watch broadcast tv again
dislike what someone likes get called a troll
put url as title for easy access
double post Double Karma
YOU BORED? COME PLAY WITH ME!
Post a dead meme trust me, everyone will love it
No One cares about your fucking pet!
Go to HappyHour with Co-workers Get WAYYY to drunk
protect yourself from identity theft by stealing someone else's lightning doesn't strike twice http://funnypictures2011.tumblr.com/
See goat Kill it
Take out credit card Buy nice things
I'm Taz What's my name???
Listen to TWM get black metal bitches
Grandma died learn Ventriloquism
Cats lick themselves Because they taste like vanilla
look into my eyes  not at my dick
Don't steal government hates competition. 
play amnesia brown trousers
Talk Shit Eat Shit
я так рад тебя видеть,  kто-то насрал в коридоl
get the fuck off reddit and outline
ACT LIKE COURAGE WOLF LIVE ALONE IN THE FOREST
You should mention your 5 favorite followers Everyone likes to hear
I gave you a hickey.... well daddy didn't raise me to be all bark and no bite
To get double the karma Post it twice
poop tastes great trust me, My name is sir Rupert
single and ready to mingle in grad school start dating girl on day 2
ПОЛУЧАЙ СЛИВАЙ
A girl in the bed.... Is better than two on the bar
almost to campgrounds in woods shroom time
Sorry Santorum You're not my type
paint it black Aim it at cops
need energy for school after all-nighter chug four loko
masz czasy over3 w 4x4x4? zrob moda konsta&florian
Go to Bed
owner just shit in my backyard eat it, then puke it up on kitchen floor
don't buy drugs!!! become a rockstar and they will give you them for free!
Accept Pamphlet from Vegans Offer them some of your Chick-Fil-A
Get Drunk Write a paper
Forever Alone? Just lick your own balls...
Call 911 Ask her what she's wearing
POSTING OLD MEMES IS NEVER GOOD FOR KARMA
If you thing you're following someone, turn four right corners then fall asleep.
 
Want to get to gold in a day? Duo Que with JJ
Bark at cat Run up tree
FEED THE HOMELESS TO OTHER HOMELESS
BLOCK OFF ENTIRE DAY ON CALENDAR PLAY FOOTBALL IN HALLWAY
sell your car to pay for car insurance
2/10 ? just hump her leg
get the fuck off reddit and back to work
read most popular highlights on kindle books lose hope in your fellow man.
Take Speed! Win your track meet!
Does not believe in self has others believe for him
mix bleach and ammonia play in fumes
hey guys are you having fun yet
Eat chocolate live forever
ASK siri Get Schooled
Gamble your money cage Fight a black belt
Explore NYC subway network Loot mole people's treasures
Frozen turds in the backyard I call them poopsicles
I eat frozen turds in the backyard I call them poopsicles
Pregnant? Try ibuprofen
RENTABLE? TOO MAINSTREAM
Post Simpsons Karma on my face
 
   woof!
Out at resturant  Order your chicken medium rare
Sprites In the border
Save water Shower with the dishes
Balance more than one romantic relationship It will make you better at multitasking.
upload racist content  gain karma
bring me back So adviceanimals actually contain animals
I love you unconditionally!
Masturbate when the time is right
Get money Get Bitches
Save money kill hookers
If there is a apple up stairs there is a banana down stairs
89 iq test hurrdurr
Use lol at the beginning of text Haha to finish it off
Date an anorexic girl never have to pay for her when you go out to eat.
don't 
I'm so friendly I welcome the man in the ski mask coming in through the window with kisses
IM A JUST A SHITTY LITTLE PUPPY AND I COMMAND MORE AUTHORITY THAN SEAN SAXTON
Create /r/AdviceAnimals Never give actual advice
Go to 4chan Hang yourself
does anybody remember me?
happy birthday  mitali ! 
kill your friends kill yourself
Bring this meme back get karma
make comeback on reddit I've always been here, just chasing my tail
Never brag about your victories  Dogs are just cuter
Pass Dream Act Raise Public Education Tuition
do MDMA upvote everything
how do you confuse a blonde? paint yourself green and throw forks at her!
