Text
don't worry kid you'll get it right
I won't be home for supper Feeding a different family today
ooh! I love cakes What kind were you making again?
At least when I don't come home tonight, my wife and kids won't know how horrible I died...  Is that a camera? Fuck
i'd complain, but I suppose that would be quite shellfish
Well At least I'm not a virgin
DID not buy Crab armor dlc
Hello, barber! Just a little off the top, please.
Are those wusthof brand shears? excellent choice, sir
Could Be Worse At least I wont be boiled alive
It's O.K. I have life insurance. My family will live well after I am gone...
My Boyfriend asked me to give him some head. I love you this much baby!
Dying Isn't something to lose your head over.
 This kills the meme.
ALWAYS LOOK ON THE BRIGHT SIDE OF LIFE
I wanted to be a Kingler one day But I guess this is good too...
goodbye cruel world thanks chef kevorkian
at least you served your purpose in life before you died
Will I  Dream?
I love to play rock, paper, scissors
at least i got chicken
They can take our land But they can't take our               FREEEEEDOOOM!!
When I applied for this job at Red Lobster This isn't what I had in mind
Just a little off the top, please I trust you
What kind of lotion do you use? you have really soft hands
I'M JUST GETTIN MY EARS LOWERED
Why... Why you wanna cut my head off  TToTT WHYYYYYYY HORRIBLE WORLD!!!!
modern day guillotine It's just for show
Boyfriend broke up with me to be forever alone. I'll save money on gas not having to drive to see him.
Don't worry about my workload I'm handling six classes just fine
I accept my fate Just tell my wife and kids I love them
I just hope that I taste good.
I love a  good cajun meal 
Pain? Like I give a fuck
smashing round of crab, paper, scissors i win
This makes me sad but not as sad as dragonite dad
Rock...paper... scissors
Fair enough An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth
emo crab sez "don't feel bad, it's what we both want"
 This kills the joke.
I said YES bacon and eggs would be great for dinner.
Boy it sure is cold out here luckily my friend gave me this neat scarf
I walk sideways  because i have nothing to look forward to
you cant win Darth! if you strike me down i shall become more powerful than you canpossibly  imagine
Rock...Paper... scissors
cheer up charlie just be glad you're you http://xq9.us
are you feeling it now mr. krabs 
Not like this not like this
Don't forget about Mouseville
Headless Horseman? Perfect fancy dress idea!!
joined a screamo band asked for an emo hair cut ... fml ... www.facebook.com/beyondmetal
Sure I'm Dying But think of how much Karma someone can get from this photo!
That Bio test I didn't study for Can't be that hard
I would have liked to have seen Montana
Poultry Shears My Only Weakness
i like to think that walking sideways always keeps me looking forward
Its fine I'm okay with this marvel 3 sux anyway
Coach K called! I made the cut!
How i feel with a  jungle shaco
don't worry little girl your clit comes next
just a little off the top please ...oh, this guy is good!
droopy little dude can i cut your face off?
Lemon and butter sauce? This should get dad's approval
hey, cut it out! seriously though, what's with the scissors?
Doing Tol Barad Dailies? That's Okay, I guess I didn't make the cut... Oh.
so you didn't have me over to play hockey? Then what... omg face off
all this time i walked sideways because i had nothing to look forward to 
I'll be working late tonight, honey I'm trying to ketchup and get ahead
I asked for a trim I'm sure the barber knows what he's doing..
well... at least he will have a better chance of getting laid
GOD always said give a hand both are even better i guess
at least you have good taste imitation crab meat is the real crime
I may die but the coconut crab will avenge me
you sir  are a worthy opponent
Well, looks like I'm in QUITE A PINCH.
 This has turned out to be one shitty day! Caption 3 goes here
It's alright Finished the last season of boy meets world yesterday
Game Over Man GAME FUCKING OVER
At least this guy Knows what he's doing. Fucking seagulls.
went to go get hair did just a little around the ages please
ooh! I love PUSSY Having a 1 nightstand and look what she gave me.
If I were a rich crab yabba dabba dabba dabba dabba deeba dibby dummmmmm
blink 182 was right 16 just held such better days
End Of The journey at least i have a meaning now
its just like that movie face-off
My ancestors are smiling at me imperial can you say the same?
I am oh so witty this post shall get many an upvote
I am aware of this.
ok! OK! I'll talk! now will put the scissors down
Hey, look guys, when I signed that contract they didn't tell me it was going to be a snuff flick
Oh my god Are you using hand lotion?
WAIT I MIGHT SHIT  ON YOUR HAND
I just wanted A hug 
Hey, look guys, when I signed that contract I thought it was going to be similar to  a fun Disney movie. you know like 'Bambi'. I think this is going to be more like 'Old Yeller'.
don't worry kid you'll get it right Caption 3 goes here Caption 4 goes here Caption 5 goes here
ok! OK! I'll talk! now, will you put the scissors down
You're right my left side has gone numb
 This kills the thread
Sever busty red headed irish girl. This jews the Nawafi.
Hey, Stop! Can't I just give you a claw? that's what we usually do when we lose a fight.
Hey, Stop! don't I get a blind fold and a last cigareTte? 
Hey, Stop! It was ambitious crab that defiled your daughter, not me
Hey, Stop! when you looked in the phone book it was the other crab you were looking for.  I live in water not your pants
Don't worry, I'll be fine Animals still get into heaven right?
dont worry its fine camp america will accept me tomorrow
HAHAHAHA!! You crack me up!
when the role is called up yonder
the class i need to graduate is full? that's ok someone's bound to drop it
Let's get that place now An' live on the fatta the lan'
my family will never see me again nope!  Chuck testa
I guess it will only hurt for a moment
hey jesse it's time
Rock ...Paper... scissors 
hey pussy y no have table saw
Fml 
In this situation we must consider saying oh crap
we all must take our place in the great circle of life
finishes third "there's nothing to be ashamed of."
Yes I would like a neck massage thanks
if nemo survied i can too 
I regret allot of things But at least                        I wasn't Fahim.
Well, at least its better than circumcision 
this meme isn't really funny
i used to be in car commercial i deserve this because "I PINCH"
I regret alot of things But at least                        I wasn't Fahim.
Don't worry Tim I'm sure we will be fine without you
Fair enough An eye for an eye And a tooth for a tooth
so i see you picked scissors. you won fair and square, i suppose.
Your Gonna Carry That Weight
Oh I can't be mad at him He's just doing his job
Poultry Shears My Only Weakness
Today You Tomorrow me?
Let's get that place now, George An' live on the fatta the lan'
 please
i've resigned to my shear fate
"What did you do today?" Oh just went to super cuts
Live by the pincer... ...die by the pincer.
Please spare me I have a wife and kids
Cut my shell into pieces I am a crustacean
Still better than Integrated academic study skills
Tell my wife I died.... heroicallyyyyyyyy 
Just like at highschool baseball tryouts I'm about to get cut
Your getting a little to close on the sides..your only supposed to----wait! That's not hair--!!! ...Your scissors are in my pyloric stomach. Thanks.
Dead? Don't have to study for orgo anymore!
person said till 6, im moving it to 10 ill stop if you buy me a game ;)
Lol is that all you could afford?
thats not how you get rid of crabs
I guess this is how they deal with it
well that's what i get for voting for obama
meat is murder!
CUT MYSELF INTO PIECES THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
well, this cant hurt as bad as losing my balls just did
At least I'm drugged out of my mind
Hello, barber! Just a little off the top, please.
krabby I choose you!
THANK YOU YOU DID NOT KILL THE CRAB
umm.... Great weather we're having today
ooh! Langos, vad gott! Vilken rekommenderar du?
Technically, it's "whetstone," not "wetstone."
CUT MYSELF INTO PIECES THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
Each Day's a gift! 
WELL, IT'S BETTER THAN GETTING A BOTOX SHOT
Screw you Shellbacks
I won't be home for supper becase i am supper nannananananananan
This kills the planet 
Good idea A haircut will really change my whole look
Enjoy every moment with no regrets for the end never warns you
Could Be Worse At least I got to be in this meme
I don't want to be a spoilsport, but.. You'd get better flavor just boiling me alive.
Did you clean those scissors? I don't want to get an infection 
for science! 
Could be worse... could of had modern...
I’d rather have a bottle in front of me 
I'm sorry for all those bad things I said dad  but its too late for that now...
NO, the glass is half FULL. Of melted butter.
Good. I'm a menace. I'll never accidentally pinch anyone again.
Reddit is under a heavy load because my meme is doing so well
Don't worry, bro there's always tomorrow
And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad the dreams in which i'm dying are the best i've ever had
Watch  THE EARS!
ugly? looks like you'll have to develop brains
professor ok will this realy make me bigger than garys
NO PAIN, NO GAIN! and my Progenex-shake makes sure I won't be sore tomorrow.
Don't forget about Mouseville Boss
is here an afterlife? hm, guess i will find out
At least my death will be commemorated By hundreds of memes
CUT MYSELF INTO PIECES THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
Doctor, are you sure This will get that Rebecka Black song out of my head
Don't lose yourself to hate My student
At least i didn't buy a wrx with rod knock
I'm a very pessimistic crab loljk
 Earn this
oh... they're ready for collection? free glasses for the next guy, I guess... ...lucky him.
did i get my acting audition ? to play ned stark
Dead memes, huh? What about me? Caption 3 goes here
Thats cutting it a bit to close,  dont you think
well atleast i'm not on deadliest catch
If I were microscopic  You would be cutting three eyes. 
At least we're in season Can't argue with the law
good bye world and my kids, wife, other wife...
Eh, could be worse i still have my dignity
Captain planet He's a hero
What kind of sick bastard takes a picture of this?
Isaid a little off the top Did you hear me? I said a little off the t......
Oh, a tuition hike? This probably won't end in any sort of abuse, or sacrifice of education!
Just a little off the top I have a date tonight
Dinner? Great, I'm starving! Where are we headed? ...Your friend Joe's?
They wanted to know why I was so crabby I told them that I didn't quit while I was ahead.
oh my god are you using hand lotion?!
I have super resistant flesh-eating bacteria
I'm too young to die! But who said I'm going to die? Are only decapitating me ^ ^
Well done, herr proprietor your choice of shellfish will keep zee jews away
fuck  my life 
don't worry kid Ill just take a lil off the top
Starwars Galaxies is no more GOODBYE CRUEL WORRRRRRRRLLLDDDD AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH   AHH AHH AH AHHH AHHHHH *thud*
At least I won't be eaten! Oh, wait...
don't worry  at least im not in art history
well at least the world didn't end
Hopefully I won't make a mess.
Your haircut Will be even more painful
Rock,Paper,Scissors! 2 Out Of 3 ? : (
your a fucking saint thank god you didn't start with my legs
At least it's not Snowing
 for the honor!
I KNEW I WAS NEXT ADRIAN SHIMIZU
 Fuck.
need something to put in your soup why not zoidberg?
I won't be home for supper Busy being conducted badly in Uband
By the POwers of Grayskull I am He-Man Fuck, I'm just a crab
Just think!!! In less than 24 hours I will be on a new watery voyage in the form of feces! 
At least you could say that I'm Coming out of my shell
Not like this not like this
could be worse At least I'm not in line at the bursars
dyin' aint much of a livin' for the young
World wide delicacy  Thrives in high fecal environment
O BOI my existence is soon to end!
I won't be home for supper atleast i won't be with marli
father, forgive them for they know not what they do
If people get to line 450 They might get to see me maybe
Well At least I'm not doing an ecology assignment
 This kills the sex.
I'm a commodity  in the midwest
ooh! skagen Smarrigt!
Come on baby It's our last night on earth
mello DO ANYBODY KNOW WHAT IS... IT?
ATLEAST I TASTE GOOD
I Pinch? no...no pinch
YOU NEED TO GET RID OF SOME CRABS, BUT WHERE'S THE COMB
Oh Crap Left porn on the computer
Casquinha de siri promete que me da um pouquinho?! @Pauloknanois
 I'll just post again 
-63h@h to                 -3m@m / hourly this kills the splunk
 caught this from natasha north.
Ellisha Why u leave me for him
if i have enough faith i might make it to burning man
don't want to see anyone else but leah thank you.
well at least no one will have to look at my ugly fucking face again
ooh! skagen Jag gillar skagen
oh well i needed a hair cut anyway.
Star Wars 7 might be good! Letto might clear his backlog one day too!
I have such a bad head ache!  Its killing me
Are those the new wusthof brand shears? excellent choice, sir
my wife will be happy she always told me i was too crabby.
Well At least i'm not Chase
banyak nonton boyband ? bakal kaya gini nasib lo
Well At least I'm not a virgin
I knew I shoulda stayed  Embedded in the mud!
I may be biased, but Mike It has never been more 11:30 than it is right now
the free hair cut was totally not worth it
Someone had to go Why not Zoidberg?
Could it be... You're giving me a hug with your metal claw?
Fuck. Yes.
 This kills the chat. Caption 3 goes here
HP's latest initiative caring for sea life
Sever busty red headed irish girl. This Kills the Nawafi.
people didn't forget about me i'm just making a comeback
WoW Account hacked And now my head. 
Could Be Worse Could be in a jar! 
Could be worse I could be at a One Direction concert 
Crabs with bangs
COuld be worse I'm not in Rome
wait..wait.. I ment to say I choose rock, not paper
thanks, but i don't feel very cool
I might die horribly in a second  But at least Im not as big as Jabba da hut 
at least... i've talked to her
your pretty skilled... im sure i wont feel a thing.
 don't
If only... Getting rid of crabs was this easy
Could Be Worse At least I dont have to be scolded by mike hockenberry
Maybe she just keeps forgetting To click accept to my pending friend request...
Obvious crab is obvious I swear I wasn't crawling in your panties
 This kills the effect. Caption 3 goes here
You can't kill me! I'm a female. Ergo, I am protected by law!
This kills the WetV
Aw so nice, we just met and your taking me to dinner For dinner? Eh tomaytoe tomahtoe
delicious. No fucks given.
don't worry  YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE WHAT LINN IS GOING TO DO WITH YOU NEXT !
I'm sorry! I'll never post another bad tip online ever again. 
I knew I shoulda stayed Embedded in the mud!
FML.
needGOd.com go there its worth it
I didn't want to live on this planet anymore anyways 
They took our liberties fighting terror a worthy cause I guess
It's not all that bad... Atleast that jerk Chad will get the same
No, sir. There is not an app for that.
Happy New Year!! Time to cut the CRABS!!
I told him to cut it out it's so funny that he took me literally
At least when I don't come home tonight, my wife and kids won't know how horribly I died...  Is that a camera? Fuck
Im trying a new kind of razor today Nothin' Like a Close, clean shave
ROMNEY 2012 I'M AUDI 5000
don't worry kid Just gonna feel a pinch
thinks nells joking keep dreaming sampants
What i feel like in ms.espadas class
